questions,answers,RELEVANT_response,SPECIFIC_response,CAUTIOUS_response,ASSERTIVE_response,CLEAR_response,OPTIMISTIC_response,RELEVANT_actual_label,SPECIFIC_actual_label,CAUTIOUS_actual_label,ASSERTIVE_actual_label,CLEAR_actual_label,OPTIMISTIC_actual_label
"First, Tom, could you comment on unit pricing that you've seen in the last six months both in the Financial segment and the Payments segment and then what you see going forward in 2011?","Yes, I think, David, we appreciate that question. And I think from a compression standpoint, which I think is what you're referring to, is the market continues to be competitive. We have not seen a great change over the last six months as far as pricing goes. There hasn't been any improvements or really any detriment from that standpoint. So that continues on about the pace it was. We clearly run the situations, as we always do, where competitors want to get into a certain client and/or a certain area, and that does happen on occasion where it can get aggressive. But overall, there really hasn't been a significant change in the environment over the last six months. Jeff, I don't know if you have anything to add to that.",2,2,2,2,2,1,2,0,1,2,0,1
" Hi Rodney. First just on the October numbers I just wanted to be sort of clear, with the launches of the new products you mentioned the Cuba Lima or Lima. Sorry, I forgot the names. Was there any impact from that in those numbers?"," I think the loss was very light in the quarter. It was almost missed the quarter. So you had some launch numbers in the October numbers more from the sort of zero ultra then from Cuba Lima. Because that’s been a bit slow at giving out and we are still trying to get some of our distributor network to take Cuba Lima. Zero Ultra has been taken across the whole network. So that has got out net get impact to buy it, but again I am not sure of the amount of brand as you know started to do very well. But it does take time to get these brands out into the market. So it’s not as though day one you press a button you have a fortune of sales. It’s – these things do rollout over a period of months. But I don’t know the actual effect of the sales of Cuba Lima  in October. If I can get that figure before the end of the call I’ll give it to you guys but I just don’t have it with me.",1,2,1,1,1,1,2,2,2,1,2,1
"Okay, but I guess, so you haven’t necessarily seen more demand for the vessel. It’s just you’ve had an opportunity to prove the vessel out, the value of the Q4000 here on this Macondo well.","Well I think the clients are understanding that value of the Q4000 like we said we were booked before pretty, with a great backlog. We’ve just seeing no deterioration of that and therefore this period of Macondo is just been sort of adding backlog. So we’re looking really strong going forward, I might add, if the moratorium – it depends what happens with the rigs if the rigs start leaving the Gulf of Mexico then when the moratorium is lifted there is going to be a rather than an oversupply there is going to be an undersupply of rigs which would benefit us greatly.",2,2,2,2,2,2,2,2,1,1,2,1
"That's helpful. Maybe one last comment on China. I mean, how is the pricing holding up today, given the environment has maybe been a little bit weaker to start the year? Are you seeing a little bit more competitive pressure and is FX impacting anything?","It's been good. We actually put our price increase in place a month earlier than we normally do. We normally target February 1 in China. We moved it to the end of December. As you might recall, we had a really nice finish to the year. Some of that, again, was driven by the fact that our distributors there are little bit more proactive in ordering ahead of the price change than they are in the rest of the world. So on retrospect, we probably pulled a few million dollars worth of business into December that normally we would get in January. But the pricing is holding and as it is around the world, we feel good about our pricing and our ability to price year over year.",2,2,2,2,2,2,2,2,1,1,2,1
"Thanks Cam. That was perfect. I threw a lot at you. But you did a great job answering. Thanks again. And I just want to take the Nu.Q Capture great publication with mass spec data, but when you think about like commercialization looks like a product could be out by 2022, which is positive. But, when you when you think about, like submitting for regulatory approval, how quickly could that FDA or see more kind of occurred? And if it is going down the pathway, would that be a PMA IBD, because it is a screening test, it seems. And then I’m also wondering, like longer term, would partnerships with companies that are offered that instrumentation like mass spec or next gen sequencers. Would those partnerships makes sense to kind of couple the assets with?","Yes, absolutely. So we are obviously not in the sequencing nor mass spectrometry space. So I think the Nu.Q capture from and thank you, yes, the paper was fantastic. Nice, great to be in nature scientific reports, it was a real breakthrough shows that it is reproducible and robust to like the rest of our platform. So commercialization, of course anything which is going to be next year would not be an FDA study, it would be sold as a service for others to help them I think there is a lot of different ways by capturing and concentrating the crumbs and fragments, we can help a range of different groups. And I will my team can go through that with greater detail. But anything which is sorry, obviously, selection of monitoring as part of a trial would take many years. That is certainly not going to be next year. But I think given what we are doing, like with Nu.Q discovery, it is looking very good in a range of different areas for capture, and it would be selling and as a service. And would we work with big companies? Absolutely. So I guess there is one very well known, big sequencing company, and there is quite a few big companies in the liquid biopsy space. And I think, like everything, we would look to launch our own products to show it works to really get the ball rolling, like we have invested. But we are very, very interested in licensing, particularly in capture, because it would be something we believe if it all works well could be incredibly useful to them. So it is not something we have to commercialize ourselves. So I think once we have got the very good proof of concept from the next level, if that happens, we would quite aggressively look to license it out.",2,2,1,2,2,2,2,2,1,1,2,2
"Hi. Thanks so much for taking my question, fitting in just to find me. Just two, if I may. Just wanna confirm that the -- on Eliquis, the $160 million true-up was actually -- was, indeed, a tailwind and not a headwind.
And then, finally, just on BD, test question for Giovanni, if I can. I noticed you have a somewhat new vertical for BMS and so far, as having neuroscience. As you think about BD, what are the areas that you'll be looking to invest in? And roughly, how much are you looking to deploy on an annual basis for the next few years?
","Yeah, thanks, Navin. So let me just say very quickly. Yes, you are right. It is a tailwind, the $160 million, with respect to business development.
Actually, what we are doing, what our teams are doing in neuroscience is really interesting. We, obviously, over the last few years, built a very innovative model where through a network of partnerships primarily, a small team at BMS has been very successful in advancing an early portfolio that looks quite compelling at this point. So not a large area of focus from a sort of late-stage development for us yet, but an emerging franchise that could be important in the future. As I said earlier, we are going to be looking at continuing to strengthen our portfolio depending on, obviously, the assets that we look at and are available across all of the areas where we have expertise.
We haven't really given a target in terms of spend per year, but we've made it very clear that this is the No. 1 priority in terms of capital allocation strategy. The acquisition of MyoKardia last year is a really good example of the type of focus we want to continue to have going forward as a company. And I'll remind you, we have tremendous financial flexibility to be able to invest in the right opportunities and in the right science.
So with that, I would like to thank all of you for joining us today as we discuss this quarter. We delivered strong results consistent with our strategy. We've continued to grow revenue, execute on our launches and advance the pipeline. I'm really proud of what our teams have accomplished so far this year, including so many of the important milestones that have been discussed during the call.
And as always, our team will be able to answer further questions you may have during the course of the day and the rest of the week. So have a good day. And thanks again to all of you for participating.
",2,2,1,2,2,1,2,1,2,1,2,2
I have a question for Sharen. Could you kind of recap the big bra launches last year and what your plans are to sort of offset those numbers?,"Sure. Today, in our plans, we are going to have one incremental bra launch that we had this year versus last year. Also, the bra launches that we had last fall were more about relaunching versus new introduction. We have a much bigger balance of new introductions for this fall season. Still very confident about what we've seen in our early retest and within our testing, so I'm very optimistic about those bra launches.",2,2,2,2,2,2,2,2,0,2,2,2
"But I guess we can infer from that, at least from where we sit today that at stable is something that looks like it kind of carries into next year, unless something changes.","Yeah. I think that's fair. Next year as we get the -- you're going to have the 2020 and 2021 comp -- crops of coca start to bear the leaves [Phonetic], so there is that to consider. And then there's other things obviously on the gross margin side, as Michele said, you know, we'll have a little bit more volume driven than price driven mix, driving gross margin next year, we'll have our continuing productivity goal. And again, a lot more on that to come when we talk on the fourth quarter call.",1,2,2,2,1,2,1,2,1,1,2,1
"Okay. So we should see DSOs higher moving forward?
","I would definitely think so, yes, sir.
",2,1,2,2,2,2,1,1,1,1,1,1
"My question is, at what point will you start to think seriously about moving off of that model because there's a lot of cost savings and inventory implications that comes along with that. And so I'm curious, at what point -- do you have the systems to move off of that model to the next step? And are you thinking about doing that anytime soon or is this a big investment and a big multiyear project on top of what you've already done?","Yes, we probably -- if we wanted to ship from the stores today that one particular item, we could. It's a little bit more complicated than that, Marni, in terms of most of the orders and people that are coming in from the DC are really looking at multi-category. We do have the capability, it's just not something that we're turning on at this point, but we're always curious to learn about it.",1,1,1,1,1,1,2,2,1,1,2,1
"And you are alluding that pricing being sort of largely as you would have expected, is that what you are saying?","Yes. Pretty much where we expect it. I think we have talked about kind of worse case 25% ASP erosion a year. What we have seen historically is more kind of in the 15% to 20% range and we feel good. In other words, we are conservative there.",2,2,2,2,2,2,2,1,2,2,2,1
" Rick, maybe first, a big kind of picture question on the reticle inspection business as a whole. We've seen a pickup in orders in recent quarters. But do you see any big structural changes in that business itself given that you are at much higher run rates coming out of the market correction in 2010 and '11 but we've kind of seen it really muted for the last, I would say, 3 years. Are there big changes coming around? Or do you see maybe a more sustained pickup as we enter 2015?"," Patrick, great question. I would say the following",1,1,1,1,1,1,2,2,1,2,2,1
" And then just secondly and separately, you had commented on DRAM prices being up another 5% or 10% this quarter. I am wondering, a) if you can comment on why that doesn’t make you less confident about your ability to hit margin targets and, b) whether you can comment on whether the competitive pricing environment has improved at all? Quite frankly, I was looking for more in terms of sequential margin improvement in the enterprise group, especially giving all the cost-cutting you are doing. And I am wondering if you gave some of that back, because of DRAM and competition?"," Yes, I would say the margin expansion if you look at Q4 the 10.6 was up 130 basis points. So, we were to continue to improve margins primarily driven by the $200 million to $300 million cost actions that we talked about in Q2 of ‘17. What gives us confidence despite DRAM is up another 5% to 10% in Q4. As we look forward into 2018, we still have a lot of tailwinds, right. We talked about it at SAM. So if you look at HPE Next that $250 million of net savings we are on track to do that now. I will say that is roughly two thirds of that is in the back half of the year. So as you think about quarterly splits and margins I would take that into account, but we feel very good about what’s going on there we continue to right size the cost envelopes of the recent acquisitions that we’ve done those will become more, more accretive as we go through 2018. So we have a lot of things that we think will continue to improve margins and we still feel based on what everything you see today, we feel good about 11% or 12%.",2,2,1,2,2,2,2,2,1,2,2,2
"Hey, guys. Good morning. Thanks for the question. I just had a couple of quick ones.
On your new launches, highlighted on Slide 12, what were some of the headwinds you saw for Reblozyl this quarter? I mean, what do you think could be the tipping point for Zeposia and Onureg for the current indications? And then, the second question is with your cell therapy franchise. I know it's early, but just given the proximity of the two launches, are there synergies that you're seeing just with respect to site activation or reimbursement, etc.? Thank you.
","Thank you, Geoff. Chris, why don't you go ahead? Let me just give you my perspective. I'm really excited with what's happening on the front of our launch brands. The profile of the medicines that you mentioned is very differentiated.
We have strong labels. And what we are hearing from physicians is exciting in terms of the potential role that these agents will have in the marketplace. Let me just ask Chris to give you more insights into some of the launch dynamics you referenced, Geoff.
",1,1,1,1,1,1,2,1,1,1,2,2
"Thanks for taking the question. Just two quick ones. Can you give us any update on time lines for an EFS look and the CheckMate -816 trial? And how do you think the overall market there and the potential opportunity there is impacted by the Roche and Power ONO positive announcement. And then, secondly, on the TYK2 given the strong results you saw in moderate-to-severe patients and then, also the attempted advanced study in mild to moderate.
Any plans to maybe run an additional head-to-head study versus Otezla in a mild-to-moderate patient population to expand the opportunity?
","Well, the second one, probably I'll pass it on to Chris. So first one, I will say that for EFS for 816, you've seen the data already for the pathologic complete response is certainly very, very encouraging. Looking forward to the EFS readout toward the end of 2022, early 2023 time frame. So it still remains, from that perspective, on track.
And we'll certainly be sharing it as soon as we have that data available. Just one more thing that I want to clarify what I said early on, on Andrew's question around the speculation around the AdCom. The speculation that we hear is around the JAK inhibitors, and we have no knowledge around inclusion of TYK2 as being included in there. And that's why I just want to clarify one more time.
",1,2,1,2,1,1,2,2,1,2,2,1
" Yeah. Good afternoon. Thank you for squeezing me in. I guess two quick questions. The first one, thank you for breaking out deep learning as a percentage of the datacenter. Can you provide what that percentage was for the April quarter? And then the follow-up question is, I look back over the last four quarters and I look at your implied guide, you're looking at roughly 50% incremental operating margin. I'm curious if that's the right kind of number you would underwrite here? Or should we be thinking about improving mix as well as maturing process and manufacturing at your foundry partners such that that could actually be higher as we look ahead? Thank you."," Deep learning is a software approach, a new computing architecture, a new computing approach that the industry, that researchers have been developing for 20 years. And it was only until five years ago when pioneering work was on deep learning on GPUs that really turbocharged it and gave the industry, if you will, a time machine that brought the future to the present. And the power of deep learning is so great that this capability is expanding and people are discovering more ways to use it and more applications, and new deep learning architectures. And the networks are getting bigger and deeper and more complicated. And so, I think that this area is going to grow quite significantly. It represents a vast majority of our datacenter revenues recently and my sense is that it's going to continue to be a significant part of it. And so – what was the second question? Did I miss it? I think that his question was really about datacenters and deep learning, right?",1,2,1,2,2,2,2,0,2,2,2,2
"Hey, how are you doing Pete? Karen, I wanted to start with a comment that you made earlier in your prepared remarks about distributor challenges and if you could just elaborate on that a little bit? This was a first quarter in a while where your growth is below 40%. So, -- and I appreciate you reiterating your guidance of greater than 40%. So, clearly you're expecting a reacceleration into 3Q and 4Q to get there. But I'd love to just kind of hear what was kind of one-time in nature or what perhaps cause you to kind of come in below that that 40% threshold this quarter? And where did that stack-up relative to your plan?","Well, there's a couple of things to add here. As you know we had built out our direct team in the first quarter -- end of last year first quarter of this year and some of those reps are still ramping. So, that was part of our projected plan to see in second quarter. Again, we don't give quarterly guidance, but second quarter was still a growth quarter for us with looking at how it typically and historically have play out, expecting stronger performance in the last half of the year. And that is our expectation and in fact, I would say those direct reps are running ahead and more productive than what our historical numbers have been. So, we feel confident in that piece. I think the disruption for us is that in some of our independent agencies in selected territories, not all of the channel, but in some selected territories, we had some distractions that caused their performance to be below our expectations. And so we're addressing those and addressing those -- things including adding some resources to help support them. In some cases, its training and support for that -- the independent agencies. And in other cases, it was dividing out the territories and allowing them to focus perhaps in a small regional area where they have strength, but putting in a direct rep where they -- and splitting that territory where they were not as strong or it was an important area for us to provide ongoing growth.",1,2,1,1,1,1,2,0,0,1,2,2
"Regarding the Allovectin-7 program, Vijay can you remind me how many more SMB meetings there will be and about how often are they going to be occurring.","I think every six month is when we have a meeting, so I would guess another two meetings at most.",2,2,2,2,2,2,2,0,0,2,2,2
"Okay. And it looks like your Fayetteville Shale costs have come down nicely this quarter. I mean, do you anticipate more of that's going to happen with your more focused effort or where’s sort of the bottom on that cost in the basin?",And then let me just add one point. Part of that $2.6 million was cost decreases on the server side and we have locked in our cost for 2013. So we know what the base is and now we're working down from that base.,1,2,1,2,1,1,2,1,1,2,2,1
"And that seems like a lot, what was that about?","It was more of, just some of our demo and demo type of equipment that we have out there in the field as we're [familiaring] new products and what have you.",1,2,1,1,1,1,2,1,1,1,2,1
"Thank you. Appreciate the opportunity. I wanted to sort of visit the question or comment you made regarding the COVID crisis, making it more challenging to sell new products. I guess what I'm looking for is a better understanding of how much of your business comes from new customers/new products, and I certainly appreciate you’ve got 400-gig products in the pipeline, campus in the pipeline.But I guess, what I'm struggling with is the sense that a lot of the campus was targeting comes So just trying to understand that comment and how to quantify how that fits into the overall guidance? Thank you.","Yeah. Thanks, Simon. First of all, it's important to understand that our $100 million campus target is $100 million. Its small compared to our overall business. We do believe that we can naturally go into our existing customers, who already know EOS and CloudVision.But as I said last year, we were pleasantly surprised by the new prospects and interest in campus. So in a non-COVID environment, I would have expected 60% existing customers and 40% new prospects. In the current environment, I think we're going to go back to a comfort level where our familiar customers are more likely to spend with us.And our new prospects will take time. So it will probably be 70%, maybe even higher on familiar and existing customers in 2020, which was not the trend we were on Q4 last year.",2,2,2,2,2,2,1,2,1,1,2,1
"Okay. Just to clarify, you’re not bumping up against any capacity constraint for Wildcat either in the (inaudible)?",That’s correct.,2,1,1,2,2,1,2,0,1,2,2,1
Any initial thoughts on the CapEx budget for next year?,Expectation at this point would be around $400 million similar to how we started this year.,2,2,1,2,2,2,2,2,1,1,1,1
So there's nothing in the contract that allows for an incremental return on that capital for higher margins as such?,"No. You see, you got to get the return from more tons, which we can sell more tons, and I think ArcelorMittal would take the tons if we produce them. And the contract does provide for us to do that, and then lower maintenance costs, which benefit, frankly, us as well as the customer longer term.",1,2,1,0,1,1,2,2,1,1,2,1
"Thank you very much for taking my questions. My first question has to do with inventory levels in the channel. Given the issues with the earthquake and getting production back on track and the fact that you’re raising or at least holding in expectations for many of your units, can you talk a bit about where you see for cameras and inkjet laser printers and copiers, the inventory levels out there within your channel partners? And then I have a follow-up, thank you.","Generally speaking, after the earthquake we have a downward pressure to our production. So – most of our product lines, including cameras, inkjet, laser printers and copiers, is in shortage in our inventories. So, I don’t have any details, but generally speaking, every market, every product line has a shortage in their inventories. That’s complete an answer?",2,2,2,2,2,0,2,0,1,0,2,1
"OK, great. And can you give us some idea of what new GPUs you're expecting to launch through the rest of 2020 for PCs and for data center?","Yeah. So in 2019, we launched our new architecture in GPUs. It's the RDNA architecture, and that was the navy-based products. You should expect that those will be refreshed in 2020, and we'll have a next-generation RDNA architecture that will be part of our 2020 line up.
So, we're, you know, pretty excited about that, and we'll talk more about that at our financial analyst day. And on the data center GPU side, you should also expect that we'll have some new products in the second half of this year.
",2,2,1,2,2,2,2,2,0,2,2,2
"By Bloomberg's measure of profitability, Philip Morris I think ranks second in the S&P 500. And I know this is kind of a broad question, but how do you keep that rolling? And what's the biggest challenge to that performance?","Well, I mean, the key, if you like, the bigger picture here and therefore, I mean, going into the future, well then, they start -- what is the starting point here? The starting point for PMI at this point really is that we are having a blockbuster third quarter and that we are guiding to an excellent year 2011, i.e. we are and will be entering 2012 with really strong business momentum. Our confidence is expressed in the recent 20% dividend increase. Now going into 2012, on the key question there, the first one, we have built the financial crisis, triggered an economy crisis. We have had that on the call. We will see what the economies do in parts of the world. It's not going to be the same all over the world. But PMI is a company that has been able to deliver in the good and in the bad times. And we have a portfolio to do that in the good and in the bad times, because it covers all price points. The second key question always is will governments make rational excise tax decisions? We believe yes, but hiccups can happen. Turkey will always happen. But net-net, we think we expect them to be manageable. The third one is probably really market sizes overall. I don't expect big changes in the trends there. I mentioned before that the EU declines are moderating, that in the big Russian market, I see only a slight decline. In the very big Indonesian market, we see strong growth. In the big Japan market, it will depend a bit on the tax. Then the other point would be -- the fourth point probably is the pricing environment. Will the rational pricing environment continue? I believe yes, that -- and I believe that Spain was the exception to the rule. And contrary to other consumer product companies, prices in the cigarette industry, our prices usually stick, because governments around the world do not want to see cigarette prices coming down. The next point is that you have always to do your homework and keep your cost under control, which is what we are doing. I have elaborated on that. Then we are a tremendous cash flow generator. We have generated, over the first 9 months of this year, an average of $1 billion in free cash flow per month, $9 billion year-to-date. Our cash flow generation capabilities are unchanged, and also, our shareholder orientation is unchanged. So -- and the last point, I mentioned it before on the question before, our global footprint always allows you to balance the bad with the good because of a global scale. So I think these are the ingredients that make up business success. And we are working hard, and we have been working hard to get where we are. And we will keep on working hard to deliver for our shareholders also in the future.",1,2,1,2,1,2,2,2,0,2,2,2
"Got you. And then sorry, I didn’t get the technical here, but just over 40% of the direct salesforce leaves a lot of room for what the actual number was. I was wondering if you might want to -- if you could kind of quantify we're talking 45, 50. Any color around how well the direct channel grew to give people comfort that 40% is the right number for the year.","Well, look I answered, we're continuing to grow low to mid 40s on the on the direct channel. And they're doing very, very well and what we're really encouraged with is the fact that these new reps as Karen had talked about are coming in with a good base of business and they're growing from that. And so we're seeing really strong initial productivity from our newer reps that we brought on and as they get through their third, six and nine months with the company. It gives us a lot of optimism as we look at the back half of the year.",2,2,1,2,2,2,2,2,1,2,2,2
"Yes, what was that number you just referred to?","If you look in our slide, we have an outlook on corporate expenses, and we've raised the estimated year... full year number by roughly $5 million.",2,2,1,2,2,2,2,2,1,2,2,1
"All right, that's fine. And then as you're looking at the growth rate for 2013, I'm just wondering if we could parse out Aero and Industrial, just color commentary, not specific numbers if you don't want to give specific numbers. But with the pending divestiture of BDNA just building a model x that I think is going to be important. So just kind of what's the color on, Aero -- Aero growth as you look to '13? Can you give us a little bit of color there? But -- and also the outlook for Industrial specifically would be helpful.","Yes -- no, no, no, very good. Good question. So on the Aerospace side, obviously, strong backlog, record backlog, right? Contributing a majority in terms of the OEM space. So we expect that to be double-digit growth clearly going into 2013. When you factor in the kind of, I would call, planned flattish level for aerospace aftermarket, we're being a little cautious there rightfully, so given 2012 in terms of how that played out. For Aerospace segment, we would expect low double-digit growth. On the Industrial piece, I'll actually -- let me comment on 2 pieces; one is without Synventive, and then one is kind of with Synventive, obviously, a lot of M&A contribution growth, inorganic growth, if you will, in that number. So without Synventive, we actually see, I would say, mid-single-digit type of growth globally, all right, within the Industrial segment and that would be the addition of our Raymond business to that segment. Clearly with Synventive, the revenues we anticipate are consistent with what we've communicated in the past than were close to 25% to 30% type of growth. So we -- I would say Industrial without Synventive, that mid-single digit and Aerospace being low double-digit is what we're anticipating for 2013.",2,2,2,2,2,2,2,2,0,2,2,2
"Thank you. Pat, you talked about the various regions in the industrial segment. Could you shift over and talk about what product lines did well and didn't do well on the industrial business?","So when I looked at our performance in Asia Pacific, we had a couple of product lines that were better than others. But I'd say, generally in terms of our billings, they were soft across product categories. There wasn't, I wouldn't say a bright shining star, it – I'm feeling okay about global automotive, even though that China is a little bit soft. And so I'm feeling good about that end market. I think aerospace is still going to hold up well. Construction markets here in the U.S., of course, are hot, but even in places like Southern Europe, in Spain, we are starting to see them creeping off the bottom.",2,2,1,2,2,1,1,1,1,1,1,2
"Two things. On Japan, Hermann, you mentioned that you weren't sure whether or not shipments would be coming into line with consumer offtake until Q4 or possibly Q1. Does that apply to the industry as a whole or your own business as well? And I was wondering if you could just talk a little bit more around the factors which create that uncertainty still.","No. You see, I mean, it certainly is not coming from our side, but I simply don't know what the individual inventory situation of competitors is and to what extent they bring volume into the market, to what extent they think that this is the inventory levels that they need. So therefore, I'm just -- I can't know if those will be already the going-in and going-on volumes that are really consumed by the smokers every month. So there...",2,2,2,2,2,1,2,0,1,1,2,1
"So I guess I'll follow up on that last question just about the overall demand environment. Dara, you've been pretty forthright in your comment two years ago. I think you referred to the dog's breakfast. Is it the opposite of that now, whatever that is?","I wouldn't say that it's a cat's meow yet, but it's gone a lot better. I think that in general, demand has stabilized. In general, I would say we feel better, and I'd say the travel industry feels better than what we see in the overall economic numbers. We are seeing corporate travel coming back pretty nicely, both for us on a same-store basis and as far as signing up new clients. And we are seeing some tightness in occupancy and ADR strength in some of the metropolitan markets where you see a lot of business travel, in the New Yorks of the world, in Hong Kong, in Singapore, in London, et cetera. So I would say all of the signs that we see are pointing upward. Now I'll note that they are against very easy comps. And I think the comps are going to get harder as the year goes on. So I wouldn't declare all systems go yet, but I think the trends are good. And I think to the extent that we have a balanced business, a good, strong domestic business, a strong international business, a strong leisure business, a corporate business that's growing very, very quickly and on top of that, a terrific, terrific media business, I think we'll benefit from all those listings, so to speak.",2,2,2,2,2,2,2,2,1,2,2,1
"Got it. Okay. I certainly appreciate all the color, but, I guess, from our perspective -- and I think anyone on this call is actually able to kind of quantify what an extra 1 million ton charge rate actually means in terms of marginal cash sales. So it would be helpful if we could get a little bit of guidance on that at some point in the future. The next question I had was just on the distributable cash flows. Back at the Strategy Day, you've indicated that the dropdowns would increase distributable cash flow by about $38 million on a pre-financing basis. The number you've given today is $23 million. Is the difference between the 2, being $15 million, purely the financing costs? In other words, it is the underlying apples-to-apples?","Yes, the difference is financing costs.",2,2,1,1,2,1,2,0,1,1,2,1
"Okay. And then also, I guess, it's been asked, talking about more about these managed service deals and how those will bring in higher ARPU. I mean, you obviously announced John Deere during the quarter, but what's the pipeline look for the managed services beyond John Deere? And when do you think you might be -- when do you think you might be able to announce another deal and then start seeing more revenue from it?","Well, we don't know when we'll be able to announce it, but we have been approved on a couple already. One very significant one, one that I referred to in the -- during the January, February time frame when we raised money. So that one's -- that went through an RP process and we've been given the green light there. And then we have 2 more we're working on. They're also very substantial deals. They will have very little, if any, impact this year, as I've said many times over but will be contributors in the next year, '14 and beyond. Very pleased with that progress. And overall, the opportunity funnel looks very solid, very robust.

",2,2,2,2,2,2,2,1,1,2,2,2
"Good, a couple of questions, first kind of around 2012, do you have any sense of what inventory strategies might be at the dealers and the retailers in the coming season?","When you say inventory strategies, as we have discussed, we think field inventory is in good shape, right. It's up a bit with snow but that's moving as we speak. And our focus, as we've talked many times, focus is on retail. If you take care of retail everything else takes care of itself. So, we wouldn't expect to see dealers on the Residential side or the Professional side try to drive a material change in their inventory levels. I mean, not sure they can; that was certainly an issue that we worked on as we put this working capital initiative in place through 2009, 2010. Now, it goes much farther, we won't have the inventory there to support the sales. So, no, we’re in good shape there and we wouldn’t expect to see any significant change there.",2,2,2,2,2,2,2,2,1,2,2,2
"Hi, good morning everyone. So just one question for me and I think there was a little bit of a commentary in the prepared remarks about some inflation in cost of goods sold. So maybe Steve, could you just give us kind of a lay of the land right now in terms of what commodity costs and just cost of goods inflation looks like currently in the context of -- seems like freight costs are going up, you've had some competitors talk about, coco prices going up. So just trying to get an understanding of directionally, where inflation is headed right now.","Sure. Yeah, for us, I'd say overall, it's been relatively stable, so on the commodity side, relatively stable. You saw big movements in commodities across Q2 and Q3 and of course, we've talked in the past, we mitigate some of that volatility with our hedging program and I would say today they are fairly stable.
There are increases in freight costs. There too, our teams do a great job of longer-term contracting, which helps to mitigate some of that increase, so that hasn't been a real material impact for us. We have seen some increased warehousing costs and part of that's volume and flow through along with the share gains and the volume increases that we've seen.
So we call that out in the prepared remarks. But in total, sitting at this point, I would say overall COGS is fairly stable and we'll give more guidance on 2021 when we get into the fourth quarter call.",2,2,1,2,2,1,2,2,1,2,2,1
"And in reference to providing information, again, my shares are held through Chase, and I guess their holding company or what have you, how can I personally, and Anna knows my email address, how can I personally get on the hit list? I mean, whenever they went upside down, about a month ago or so, in terms of discontinuing the study, it was noted that the shareholders had been advised, or a letter to shareholders or whichever. I didn't receive anything, and I don't know what the process is. Perhaps I should talk to Chase and my broker or -- but isn't there, again, a simple way for me and individual investors to get time-sensitive information when it's announced?","This is Anna. Yes, we can add your email address to our email distribution list and you'll receive press releases in real time. When it comes to our quarterly reports that are filed with the SEC, you can sign up for an alert on our website and then you'll get an email immediately as soon as our SEC filings are filed and then you'll know everything in real time. So after offline, send me an email and I'll make sure your email address is added to our list and give you instructions on how to sign up for these other alerts.",2,2,2,2,2,2,2,2,1,2,2,1
"I know it’s still early but can you talk about what you are seeing from a ratings perspective on your evening news and what impact Leno is having on revenue? And when you look at the 4Q guidance of down low 20s at this point, how different do you think it would be if NBC decided to go with a more traditional schedule? Thanks.","You know, just taking a look first at the programming, my sense of it is that right now we would probably be in a little better position with the traditional prime but it’s awfully early to tell yet and from an overall standpoint, when you take a look at that, I think Leno itself is going to give us some opportunity as we move forward. But taking a look at the news, again what we must do is be certain that we are doing everything we can locally. So it’s again early on all of this to really tell any impacts that we are going to have in that direction but we’ll see where it goes and keep you posted as we move forward.",1,2,2,1,1,1,2,0,2,1,2,2
"And then in terms of the bicycle lock, can you talk about the relationships you're building there and kind of the progress you're making with the bicycle lock.","Yeah. That product is going to be in the market in the next few weeks, so that was a really big hit at the event last Thursday. We'll be shipping that product in volume before the end of the year and the marketing for both the TSA and the bike lock is very, very vertical. So it's an easier market to address and we think we're going to be very successful there. It's also global. As you know, bicycles are a basic mode of transportation in many countries around the globe and so attaching ourselves to the bicycle companies and those that promote that level of transportation will also be an important thing for us. So we'll be promoting those products around the world and you'll begin to see them in the market, likely the early part of December over the next couple of weeks.",2,1,1,2,2,2,2,1,1,2,2,2
" Okay. All right. And then, shifting over to the Vodafone win. By the way, congratulations to (47"," So I think, when you look at the service assurance, which is the biggest portion of the revenue for the company and, even within service assurance, service provider is the bigger portion for us. So, standardized means that we are the exclusive provider of service assurance solutions and there is no competition in that, and we have – and the standardization also means that, obviously, we have to continue to deliver great service to them, which we're counting on. But otherwise, standardization means that, every time we take an order, there is no price negotiation, there is no contract or anything, it's basically just order. We have a price for our product negotiated based on this deal, and we just order, just from this thing. They don't need to go to various places. As long as they have budget, they don't have to go for approval. So, it makes the process much simpler. So, we have to continue to watch out for other things which we can do beyond service assurance. But overall, (48",1,2,2,2,1,2,2,2,1,1,2,1
"Great. And then, for your gross margins, I mean, historically you guys have guided to about a 1% gross margin improvement in an annual basis. When we think about the business, maybe without Sargent on a go-forward basis, is that 1% still what we should be looking at? And then now with Sargent, what should that 1% look like?","Well, I think the 1% is still good for the base business and we have some really good programs that are maturing now and starting to show their strength. I think I defer the gross margin expansion with Sargent included until our August conference call, so that we have more time to spend with the Sargent people understanding where their opportunities are.",2,2,2,2,2,2,2,2,2,1,2,0
"I just want to first start on the macro commentary. The sense is that while it looks like the results aren’t really seeing any pressure at this point, the tone sounded like you could be seeing a little bit of incremental either elongated sales cycles or decision cycles. Can you elaborate on what you’re seeing just in the current environment and maybe what trends have looked like thus far in to the month of July?","We continue to see good activity in July as we’re a couple of weeks in to the quarter. So, we haven’t noticed any significant change from how we exited the second quarter. I think our commentary as it relates to the macro environment is just a reflection of caution out there and scrutiny of deals. I wouldn’t say that deals from my perspective are being any more or less scrutinized than what we’ve seen earlier in the year but that continues to be a variable that you have to factor in as you look across the pipeline of opportunities and as you think about what expectations and performance results you can drive. So, I think we continue to see an environment that is pretty similar to the environment that we’ve been living in throughout the first half of this year. Obviously, that’s a view of the world on July 16th, things can change in a way that’s more adverse to what our opportunities are but, that’s what we see today.
And as I look across the pipeline throughout the rest of the quarter, the back half of the year, we have, as we’ve seen in previous quarters, see some projects that may have been delayed or maybe decreased in amount due to some of these external considerations. And, on the other side we’re seeing projects that maybe are getting accelerated relative to original expectations or being increased based on compelling technologies that can drive significant ROI opportunities for our customers. So, longwinded way of saying it, it’s counter bailing, it’s balancing right now both ways. I don’t see a marked change today from what we’ve seen earlier in the year.",2,2,2,2,2,1,2,2,2,1,2,1
"Okay. So in terms of the 2018 outlook then, what are your expectations? Do we continue to sort of see a flattish or declines in SG&A? You put out a target of 10% to 10.5% of sales, SG&A and R&D the last quarter around. Do you see downside – could that be lower given the revenue trends? And then just in terms of the ERP investment, how does that sort of play into it? Do we see a higher ERP spend in the first half of this year? Just sort of give us an outlook on sort of SG&A and how that trends.","Yes. Well, we stick our guidance of those numbers that you mentioned in terms of SG&A as a percent of revenue. In terms of the ERP system, as I said before, we’ll have additional costs but at the same time we’re taking cost out. We’re basically going – as I said before, we’re going to the cloud, so we will not – we will gradually get off our AS400 legacy type platforms. But for – I would say mostly in the third and fourth quarter you’ll see an uptick in IT costs but you also will see corresponding – as it relates to the cloud, but also some reductions in other IT costs as well as other SG&A costs.",2,2,1,2,2,2,1,2,1,2,2,1
"Okay, okay. And your Snowmobile, do you have orders right now from your dealers? Don’t you usually have your orders by April or so?","We do. We had our Snowmobile dealers show at the end of February, beginning of March, which is when we take orders from probably 80-some percent of our dealers and then obviously, we will get orders over the next couple of months. And so we’re just in the process now of going ahead and bringing those together and to figure out what the wholesale will be for the year. ",2,2,2,2,2,2,2,2,1,2,2,1
"Final question for me, it was also brought up clearly that virtualization continues to be a positive theme that you’re seeing in your customer base. What have you seen there as there’s been an argument in the industry that maybe VM Ware is catching a little bit of a slowdown just as the higher end applications or really the low hanging fruit now if you will, to start to deploy and utilize virtualization. Do you agree with that? Do you think that we’re getting to a point where virtualization has gotten to a relatively much more mature level in your customer base?","I think what we’re seeing is as customers grow virtualization up in to these more critical applications and in to the larger production environments it is becoming maybe modestly more complex for them to deploy virtualization and its becoming much more dependent on having the right storage infrastructure in place to drive that. So, we see that as a very large opportunity for us going forward so it may be a challenge for the virtualization license revenue in terms of continuing to grow all they have in the past but we see that as a significant storage opportunity going forward.",2,2,2,2,2,2,2,1,1,1,2,2
"Good morning, everybody. Two, if I may. First, the office has now come out to restructure Part D with some participation by pharma through the cost structure of roughly 10%, even from a Democratic side -- from the Republican side. I was wondering if you could just kind of ballpark for us the relative impact of pharma participation in the cost structure of Part D and how does that translates into your own revenue.
And second, I was wondering how you're gonna handle the difference in prices for Zeposia between the MS market and the IBD market because of the two different price stance and you're transcending that. So how are you thinking about handles?
","OK, thank you. Thanks very much. Let me start there, and then, I'll ask Chris to address your question on Zeposia. So let me say, obviously, there is continued dialogue about the potential benefit design changes that may be discussed by the administration.
And I think it's premature to go into any assessment of what the Part D redesign -- what elements may be discussed going forward. I think what's important is a couple of things. So first of all, as you know, we have a very diversified portfolio across multiple payer segments and multiple therapeutic areas. And so there will always be different impacts on different parts of our portfolio from any benefit redesign and very different dynamics for a product like Revlimid versus a product like Eliquis.
So that makes it difficult to give you any insights into the impact of reforms because it really is important to know the details. What I think it's more important is the fact that from our perspective, it is critical that we look at reforms and have one objective in mind, which is to improve affordability for patients in Medicare Part D. That's sort of the core of the priority that the industry has. And the proposals that we'll continue to make as we interact with the administration, we'll be focused on elements of Part D redesign that include establishing out-of-pocket caps, reducing the overall impact to patients in the catastrophic phase, smoothing expenses throughout the year.
And so as proposals progress, I think it will be easier for us to provide insights into how that impacts our portfolio. Chris?
",1,1,1,1,1,1,2,1,1,1,2,1
"Okay. I guess the question is, do you expect leverage to improve in these two businesses kind of going forward or should we just is this an economy issue? Is it just yet to get in to business by business or how should we think about that?","Well I think the business has really performed at 13.5% margins in the quarter. I think there is some potential upside there that they should be able to find over time, whether it be pricing or whether it be internal initiatives and the synergy programs we're working on. In some cases, you have cost of product in order to capture those gains, and there was some plant closings that happened in the group, that we'll see benefit from going forward.",1,2,1,1,1,2,2,2,1,2,2,2
"John, you are going to like this one. As AT&T year-over-year is up by about $11 million and the revenue is essentially flat. Should I look at the rest of that being currency related? Or how should I be viewing it?","Just trying to see the numbers you are looking at, Shlomo.",1,0,1,1,1,1,2,1,0,1,1,1
"Just one question and a quick follow-up. Frankly, I was pretty surprised by the amount of leverage you guys got in the quarter. Of course, sales were quite good, but just on the dollar basis, they virtually were unchanged given a very big increase in sales. And just was wondering what the puts and takes were and kind of how we should think about leverage going into 4Q. And then just a follow-up, I was curious why digital sales weren't stronger just given the number of AAA titles, particularly GTA that sold and the high attach rates that go with them. So if you could comment that -- on that, it'd be very much appreciated.","Yes. We've kind of said all along that you get a great opportunity to leverage your cost base when you're in a console launch. The same thing applies although to a slightly lesser extent on a title launch when you think of something like the magnitude of the Grand Theft Auto. You're not going to staff the store exactly the same as you would on a normal Wednesday, but you're going to staff to make sure the customer experience is appropriate when you're open for midnight. But then you start to think about the flow-through of the hundreds of people in line at a store to get a Grand Theft Auto and then the number of people that are in line at the store to get these launches that we're going through right now, and you really have a fantastic opportunity to leverage the cost structure. So I'm glad you noticed that. We work very hard to make sure that we're positioned to get the best that we can out of the leverage when we have these opportunities.",2,2,2,2,2,2,2,2,1,2,2,1
"And final question, Steve, what are your thoughts, obviously, very tight infrastructure in the Marcellus about basis differentials in that marketplace. So what are you seeing today?","Well, because we have firm capacity, today we're seeing NYMEX pretty much flat. Some months, it's a couple cents above; some months a little bit low. We have not seen anything we've had to do much as a blowout that you might have seen or heard earlier in the year in some of the other areas. As we look out in the future, we think that the Marcellus will pull away on the basis a little bit. So our long-term planning is actually it widens and it's going to be a NYMEX minus some kind of a number but near term, NYMEX flat.",2,2,2,2,2,2,2,2,1,1,2,1
"Hi, guys. This is Roy in for Charles. A couple of quick questions. I wondered if you could go into maybe, I don't know, detail but describe the process with Roche and how's that proceeding? The legal proceedings?","Sure. So as you're well aware, we have an action filed in State Court in Nevada. It's been pending for a little while. We're anticipating that discovery will be ongoing for several more months. After that, there's typically some motions called motions for summary judgment to try and simplify the case. The trial date is currently set for October of 2013 and probably the only caution I would add is the trial dates that far out because it has a tendency to flip sometimes. We don't know that's going to happen, but it does have a tendency to slip. And usually it's not in, it's usually out.",2,2,2,2,2,1,2,1,2,1,1,1
"Just with respect to AnGes, have you got any color on whether or not Collategene would be a bit of a restricted launch if and when it’s approved in Japan because the trial was our stopped so early and I know, we’ve seen this before in some of the previous Japanese Phase 3 trials that were stopped early. They typically have a pretty tapered, immediate launch following that?","The answer to that question is I don’t know, the Japanese are being quite mum on this issue. So we are awaiting, all we know is we are going to hear something in the second half of this year definitely.",1,1,1,1,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,1
"Understood. Thank you for that. And then I guess thinking about the – kind of as home price appreciation is starting to slow under rising affordability pressures, builders are losing their pricing power. So, how are you, I guess, keeping builders who are currently utilizing the manufactured products, I guess, away from switching back to cheaper stick framing under these new lower commodity prices?
","And to add to that point, I think the labor constraint hasn't been alleviated despite some of the challenges you've outlined there. I think that, yes, we are – the homebuilders need to reset and be able to provide what the homebuyers really want. But that labor to build those homes hasn't magically appeared and it continues to be a great solution for our customers for that proble",1,1,1,1,1,1,2,2,1,2,2,1
"That's great. Thank you, Gary. And a model in question for Jack just as we think about rising raw material prices and freight prices that many in the industry are seeing. Could you give us any sense of how we might think about that impacting the model? Obviously you all have pricing power, you've demonstrated that but does that have any impact on how we should be thinking about the models here?","Let me just jump in for a second. Again, I'd point you to the fundamental point that our goods are a lot more expensive, right? So as a percentage of our sales those factors are going to be a lot less, right? So start with we sell a cloud sofa $10,000 to $12,000 - $10,000 to $14,000. The freight on a $10,000 to $14,000 sofa is a lot lower than the freight on a $2,000 sofa as a percent as a percent to sales, right? So you got to start with - will we be impacted? Sure. Will it be to a much smaller degree than if you’re CB2 or to or West Dalmar something like that or Pottery Barn or Crate & Barrel or places like that, yes, like you have to look at the price structure of the goods that - again, if we’re using about the same amount of wood but ours product is just designed much better and it's a higher quality product and yes, it's going to be a smaller percentage. So that's why you don't hear us talking about it as much because the impact at this point is less and it’s in our model.",2,2,2,2,2,2,2,2,1,1,2,1
"Got it. And then, as a follow-up to that, just trying to think about capacity, how you see manufacturing capacity for the company today and the needs for going forward. Do you foresee any kind of large capital expenditure in the future to kind of help you grow into new capacity that you might need? Or do you feel that with all the uncertainty in the market today that you might have to hold off on any kind of growth expenditures?","Well, based on – it’s Tom. Good morning. So coming out of 2018, and especially if you look back to the first half of the year, that's sort of the capacity in the business, which is significantly different than sales in Q4 – I'm sorry, in Q1 and Q2. So just from a capacity point of view within the company, it's healthy. In terms of capital investment where we focused presently and into this year will be in two areas. One is, where we can invest in certain aged equipment to get productivity and, let's say, automation, and then on existing processes, both in our Mold-Masters business and in machining and APPT, we're looking at automation and that really is advantageous. Since when we're – at a period when we're in a very high utilization time, we really can't even take the time to take equipment down, even doing the automation or to take aged equipment now to put automated equipment in. So we'll take advantage of some of that, which is, I would say, a modest investment, certainly not at the level of capital that we spent in prior year. So a modest investment in 2019 for – as I've said, some updates and automation.",2,2,1,2,2,1,2,2,1,1,2,1
"I was just curious, we haven't really heard a lot in the way of commentary on the larger bank core upgrade cycle. I know a lot of us have sort of hitched our views to the smaller and the midsized banks coming back. But what color can you give us on the bigger banks and those bigger projects? Are you seeing anything different now versus a few months back?","Well, John, I would say that if the question was directed at the size of projects, there are some magnificently large projects out there. They just tend not to be in the U.S. They tend not to be core-centric. I mean, there are some core changes going on outside the U.S. And frankly, there is one or two large core changes going on here. But in the U.S., we're just not hearing a lot of energy on core. Most of the energy that we're hearing tends to focus around channel, right. So around Internet banking, that's a big topic around the world right now, lots and lots of renewal and these are very, very large projects that are going on. So that we are hearing. But domestically, there is not a lot discussion, real discussion, around core renewal because that's just not differentiating from the consumer perspective. And I think until people are able to move on with the business of banking, I just don't see them putting the energy, and that it would take to do. If you can imagine, one of the top three or four banks doing a core change, I just don't see it.",1,2,1,1,1,1,2,0,1,1,2,0
"Jeff, looking at the 2% to 4% internal revenue growth guidance, what are kind of the one or two biggest swing factors, particularly get to the high end of that range?","Yes, I would say it's the biggest opportunity that exists today. And earlier in 2010, early in the year in '10 -- sorry, I was getting my year straight -- we had talked about the fact that there were some larger transactions that we were in pursuit of. Some of them we could announce publicly, and some of them we could not announce publicly. And one of those happen to be WestPac, and we announced that it was a large transaction. Well, during the year, we ended up winning the transactions we thought we would be able to win. We didn't announce them because they were not announceable, but these are transactions that will be implemented over time. And the constraints that we have are really around having to contend with resource constraints within these very large financial institutions. We have to effectively get into their development queues. And some of the projects that we are working on, to the extent they can be moved in earlier, would have upside into our numbers for 2011. So that's the upside. I think on the downside, to the extent that the economy itself begins to deteriorate down to levels below what we saw last year in 2010, I think that would create some downside in our numbers. Beyond that, I would say that on balance, we would say there's probably more opportunity in our numbers if the economy stays as strong as people are talking about it staying right now. But we just don't see any reason, Chris, to get ahead of ourselves. We feel like we've got a reputation of doing what you say you're going to do, and that's what we're focused on right now.
",1,2,1,2,1,2,2,0,1,2,2,0
"And then lastly, you did a phenomenal job of deleveraging, the acquisition and obviously you got a tailwind from the deflation of commodities. So is there some way to you think about where your, I'm going to ask you, Chad, to project lumber prices. But is there some way using the word normalized? Where your debt-to-EBITDA would be, if we hadn't had all this deflation to kind of get a sense of whether you feel very normal lumber inflation or rate? There might be a creep back up and that number where you are debt-to-EBITDA on a normal lumber price situation?","No question. We picked up a ton of tailwind this quarter as a result of the deflation for the past couple of quarters, right? I mean, it's something that we already indicate more broadly, when people ask us long-term question about what would you do in the case of a downturn, right? This is a good example in a, maybe a false way because it's just value of commodities, but we generated a lot of cash when sales were down. And yes, I would say the math. We look at a little less than a couple $100 million that we would have had a tailwind on. This time a year, we're almost always increasing our leverage ratio. So it to drop, it's pretty remarkable and obviously 1.8 turns versus last year is indicative effect. As far as normal, I think we've been pretty committed to the idea of debt pay down and de-risking, but in that 2.5 to 3.5 range, we're not afraid. I would say to fall out of the bottom of that range, if it means we're building dry powder if we can't find those deals, but as we indicated, as we took action on this year, or this quarter, there are some good yields out there. And we will continue to snatch those up where we think it makes sense. And we're getting a good value for our money. I think we're in a bit of a sweet spot now. No question if the price of commodities runs back up, we will see growth in working capital as a result and definitely.",2,2,2,2,2,2,2,2,1,1,2,2
"I have also a couple of quick ones on the patch. First, can you tell us a little bit more about the 20 patient study? Are they all on the patch therefore, you're not comparing directly to any patients on the subcu in the same trial? ","Your other question was really related to how much PK data have we collected. Really over the last almost 18 months, we've conducted many PK clinical Phase 1 PK studies with multiple iterations and multiple variations with the transdermal patch. There have been many variables that have been assessed and so we've actually had patients that have cycled through several different patch prototypes. We have included periodically subcu injection arms within those studies. So we continue to capture subcu data as part of that. And so when we look at all of that information, I think we're really able to get a good handle on the profile of subcu of course as well as the profile of the optimized patch and it's really let us to a point where we are actually extremely comfortable with the patch that we have, its ability to deliver the profile that we needed to and again it's a patch that we're very, very enthusiastic about seeing moving into a pivotal study.",1,2,1,1,1,2,2,2,0,1,2,2
"Okay. So then let's look back to the other part of maybe what's impacting margin and that's mix. So would you characterize the balance of the impact then, Howard, in the last quarter mostly going from mix which kind of tilted unfavourably toward you guys?","Well there is a small portion of this but I do want to make sure that like I said, I have said over 2% of the 2.5% margin impact was due to hard disk drives and memory. Certainly there is some related to mix. I mean we did ship less server systems than we did in the prior quarter.",1,2,1,2,1,1,2,2,1,0,2,1
"Okay. And as far as AT&T goes, AT&T is using different technology, but they are going to the Solo set-top box refresh. Will they move away from HPNA or do you think they'll just stay with that technology?","They have a stated goal to move away from Home PNA towards the ITU G.hn standard which is still on the draft format. So, the timing of them kind of moving to that, we'd like if they did, would be in kind of the – probably the 2012 timeframe. That's definitely an opportunity that we would like to pursue with MoCA 2 and we are focused on having a dialog with AT&T around that. But their current plan of record is definitely to move away from HPNA to something else in the current stated goal that they have to go to G.hn.",2,2,2,2,2,2,2,2,1,1,2,1
"Okay. And then I guess within the MOSFET business as well, you just briefly talked about continued or weakness within regular phones as well as notebook PCs. I know a big driver of that businesses, those two end markets. Does that, after we get through this inventory correction mean that you may not see a bounce back within that business just because the demand for those products isn’t as strong as it has been?","Why not? I think as soon as things are normal then why should this not be or go back to normal? But what we count on is a better participation, the high voltage MOSFETs where Vishay historically hasn't been really and now we will have probably see a light at the end of the tunnel in a way, we see product which can compete with everybody. And we are going to start manufacturing them next year, beginning of next year, in large quantities. So I see, for MOSFET, should return to normal conditions. Why not? There’s no (inaudible) in that sense, end of this, either the implications nor of the product. But I see an additional change for us. Entering this high voltage market which we really haven’t been there, only a little.",1,2,1,2,1,1,2,1,1,2,2,1
"And then I just want to ask about the operational effectiveness of $25 million. I guess that's kind of below last year's objective of $40 million, and I know the goal is, over five years, $250 million. So can you just help us understand, is that number get greater as we go forward?
","Yes, it will continue to build, Bryan. And that really is the same number that we presented on Investor Day, so that $25 million, because the next area of savings in the $250 million comprises of data center transformation and a number of other areas. But that $25 million ramps up significantly to year two to over $50 million. We're not giving guidance on that right now. But clearly, it's going to ramp up, and we have our plans. We're executing alone those plans and continue to refine those to accelerate as much of that as we can into 2011, keeping in mind the quality of our delivery and pacing that correctly over the next few years. So we are continue to refine those plans. Mark is going to be helping a lot in that regard to execute that over the next five years, and we remain very confident in our ability to be able to obtain that $250 million.",2,2,2,2,2,2,2,2,1,2,2,2
Has it been consistent?,"Yes. It’s been consistent over time, Paul. So, no real change over the past several quarters.",2,2,2,2,2,2,2,1,1,2,1,1
"Okay. Then just lastly, if you adjust for currency, you're mix versus the midpoint was only $3.5 million, but the increase in the operating loss was double. So the difference there is the increase investments on the enterprise. Is that the way we should look at that?","So the impact of the currency has a big negative effect on our operating income because the majority of our cost certainly manufacturing we saw in North America revenue is reported international. So the impact on revenue was 2.8 million, the impact on operating income was about 1.5 million this quarter.
",1,2,1,2,1,1,2,2,1,1,2,1
"Just to clarify, Kevin, you sensed that none of the items were one-time, but some of the items that impacted last year were like the House of Blues equity earnings and the Foster’s earnings being included in the last year’s. How much of that really rules the 8% decline in the Canadian profit in the quarter?","Sorry, I was really referring to the cost inflation and the discounting. There were a couple of items but they were - without giving you the specifics - they were fairly minor in the overall scheme of things. The major items were the price discounting and the inflation.",1,1,2,1,1,1,2,1,1,1,2,1
Thanks. It's Ben Radinsky from Bear Stearns. First a couple of housekeeping questions. What was the translation impact in Asia-Pacific; do you have that handy?,"Hey, Ben, it's Bill. It just wasn't... it wasn't material. And so the large amount of the Asia-Pacific growth was really organic, the Asia-Pacific currency strength and you didn't have a material impact on that growth.",2,2,2,2,2,1,2,1,1,2,2,1
"Okay, understood. And last question, Howard, you mentioned of almost $600,000 write-off in marketing materials and that was in this quarter?",That's correct.,2,0,2,2,2,1,2,1,1,1,2,1
"Okay. And then as far as your Chinese testing goes, you have been talking about this for a while, but is there any progress at all, are we really just waiting for final regulatory approval?","Yes. I mean, we have progress, so we will continue to ship more units into three or four different MSOs over there. So this Access business is typically go pretty slow before they really take off. Based on the current kind of calendar that we are looking at from an approval standpoint, I think we will know a whole lot more if they're going to really going to go rush [ph] on this until latter part of 2010.",2,2,2,2,1,2,2,0,0,0,2,1
"And then different direction, maybe a little bit of commentary related to Durbin as it relates to exclusivity, just sort of what you're hearing coming out of D.C. and sort of potential for you. Or how are you sort of thinking about the opportunity as it relates to exclusivity, specifically on PIN side?","And the other thing I'd add to that, Glenn, is we built up our capabilities in this area significantly over the next several years both from a sales standpoint and delivery standpoint for the Tier 1 and 2. So we're excited about that opportunity, but as Jeff indicated, it's early. But I think clearly, we view that we're going to have some larger opportunities in that particular space as we go through 2011.",1,1,1,1,1,1,2,0,2,1,2,2
But is it fair to say that U.S. retail mid single-digit profit growth maybe you are going to be a little bit below that. But it could be made up for by stronger International and Convenience Stores or are you maintaining the segment guidance for the year?,"Yeah, Rob, I think it is fair to say there’s going to be probably a mix shift if you look at how the year started for us. We said we’re going to be down in the first quarter. We were -- we're actually on the bottom line working materially of our own internal plan. But we did have some favorable results in Convenience and Foodservice and International offset by some weaker than planned results in USRO. I think those trends will probably have some impact on our full-year outlook for those businesses",2,2,2,2,2,1,2,0,2,0,2,0
"Okay. So, Jure, just to clarify if I understood your comments correctly, you’re explicitly looking for growth in fiscal 2013. I want to confirm that. And then, did you mean that you’re looking for the improvements year-over-year or are you also looking for improvements on your top and bottom line of your business sequentially through the year – or how do we think about that?","Yeah, well, based on the – if you look at our projects that we have with existing customers that have been a long time, we’re very fortunate that we’re involved in a lot of new technology products. So that customer base is pretty strong with most of them. Some of the new programs that we’ve won also have a fair amount potential and the new projects that we’re presently involved. So when you look at that, assuming all these things move in the right direction, I would expect us to deliver a better year than what we did in 2012. But at the same time, if the economy falls off a cliff, then it’s going to be a different world. But we do not expect that. We expect to see some improvements across most of our businesses, based on our opportunities that we have in front of us today; that’s really what I’m talking about. But overall, yes, we do expect to have a better 2013 on the top line and on the bottom line.",2,2,2,2,2,2,2,2,0,0,2,1
"Okay. And just one more, just on Crenlo, you mentioned, I think getting out of some of the underperforming parts of it before you brought it back in. I mean is Crenlo operating any better now than it was when you put it into dis ops [ph]?","Yes, it is. And Crenlo going to be a low double digit margin business, at least that's about where it's at. I think that we continue to believe those we put it back in our Material Handling group, as there might be some synergies that might share with our Palen [ph] business, and those are going to be explored, and hopefully we can find some additional benefits there.",2,2,2,2,2,2,2,1,1,2,2,2
"Hi thanks. David and Arlen, wondering how you're thinking about a couple of things into 2022 with that higher growth, I think, than people are expecting. One is around the NetScaler business, and you're talking about some pressure on the hardware side, just wondering how that factors in. And then also on these temporary licenses, sort of what degree of success of conversion are you assuming there? And any other factors we should be thinking about in terms of that 4% number for next year? Thanks.","Okay. And Walter, just put a finer point on what Dave was saying, when you think about the growth rate you're talking about, we think about the conversion of the licenses that you asked about, we're thinking of those as stat. So we obviously are driving towards a longer-term relationship with those customers and migrating those customers to our SaaS solutions, which obviously has its own transition. And then -- and as David mentioned, the networking business, the only thing I'd highlight for you is, and we obviously took this into account when we thought about our growth rate going into '21 is the acceleration of the mix, right? And the acceleration of the mix in networking business this quarter looks a lot like Workspace a couple of years ago, which is it went from 29% to 66%. So we're talking about very significant moves in that business. And obviously, that's all baked into how we thought about our growth trajectory and how we're going to go into '21.",2,2,1,2,1,1,2,2,1,2,2,2
"Sure. Right. Out of curiosity, your guidance of $2.03, $2.19 and the other ranges as well, does that include -- is that GAAP? Are you including anything from Synventive, and I think you kind of alluded to that earlier in the call?","Yes -- no -- yes, it's including Synventive in those numbers, so it's...",2,2,2,2,2,2,2,0,1,0,0,0
"Did you say the $808,000 of restructuring charge in Q1 was the final related to the Swedish wind down? Is that what you said?",That's correct. It's noncash-related and it's entirely related to the dissolution of the Swedish entity.,2,2,2,2,2,2,2,1,0,1,2,0
"I think that's certainly [ph] broadened out into snacks with your acquisition. But when you look at the M&A environment going forward, are there plans or thoughts here of chasing those eating habits of moving outside of the center of the store?","Well snacks has certainly taken us outside the center of the store to some degree, and frankly snacks was designed to help follow consumers in terms of everything you read that says people are eating more by snacking than they are by sitting down to a full meal, and people are buying food in other outlets besides supermarkets and particularly places like warehouse, clubs, which are very much about selling snack products. So our snack acquisitions were intended to help us follow trends in -- with consumers, and certainly hopefully we can accomplish that.",2,2,2,2,2,2,2,0,1,2,2,2
"Okay that’s helpful. Just shifting back to the marine side, just a couple vessel specific questions, and then a higher-level view, but for the Caesar shifting to Trinidad. Can you give a little more color on the duration of the work that it’s going to have down there and if there’s other follow-on opportunities that could keep it there? And then just curious on the broader marine I understand, sort of the pressure on the pipelay side and what could transpire coming off the moratorium. Owen, you’ve previously talked about your revenue potential on your existing marine asset base being about $1 billion, obviously giving consideration to a sluggish Gulf and maybe to Intrepid doing P&A light well intervention work, but is that still a reasonable opportunity set given what you see in your prospect queue obviously taking into consideration the potential for a little sluggishness there on the pipelay side?"," Okay, a lot of issues there but yes, I don’t think that our outlook is materially changed from anything that we said before. I’m pretty confident about the, I guess the Intrepid being our third pipelay vessel is the one that I would have the most concerned with but she is on her way down to Trinidad. I believe she is down there for at least two months and there is additional work that clients in Trinidad are talking to us about that could extend to stay. So that’s a very positive move.
The Caesar is out on its first pipelay job right now and like with all vessels, the work is going pretty slow as we train the crews and get the equipment functioning properly and everything so I don’t expect a great contribution from her. But then she right after this, she also heads to Trinidad. So Trinidad is becoming a very good market for us and an alternative to the US, Gulf of Mexico. We’re also bidding work in Mexico and Brazil for primarily the Caesar. And that would open up the Intrepid to return sometime in the fourth quarter to pursue both pipelay but we really have been very successful with her this year, working her as a multi service vessel in the construction mode.
And I see that kind of a mix continuing. I think actually the construction mode is – given the performance of pipelay and the margins available in the current market I actually see the alternative uses of the Intrepid probably being a little strong margin than if we left her solely in the pipelay mode for next year.",2,2,2,2,2,2,2,2,1,1,2,2
"That's super helpful. And just as a follow-up, coming off of that last question. On the earnings letter, you talked about having – you guys are – sort of have confidence in your longer-term targets, and we've been talking about 2022. As we think about, on the one hand, greater seat penetration, a higher priority promote work versus what you guys have acknowledged as a slower pace to cloud, can you sort of give us your latest thinking versus a year ago on sort of the path to that – to those longer-term targets? Like what gives you the confidence that you are on track today versus a year ago?","Well, the simple answer is that a year ago when we were talking about longer-term targets, I mean, today, we are running roughly $100 million higher revenue than the expectations entering this year. We just provided an initial guidance for 2021. It's probably $50 million to $60 million higher than the current consensus. And so we are continuing to bump up our expectations. That's against the backdrop of a really uncertain economic environment around the world. So we're looking at it just based on the success that we have had, the pipelines and the execution that we have delivered over the last few quarters and then these broader, let's call them, secular trends that are going on in the market. So nothing happens in a straight line, of course. But obviously, our confidence, based on our results, our execution continues to move forward. When it comes to the pace of cloud transition and where we're focused and where customers are focused, there are really tactical quarter-to-quarter items. Nothing has changed from a longer term strategic path.",2,2,2,2,2,2,2,2,1,1,1,2
"Got it and then just in terms of stock-comp, is the current quarter level of stock comp about the right number to think about for the rest of the year?","Yeah, roughly. I mean they bounce around by about $1 million or shy of that and the increase largely is due to two factors one, at the beginning of the year we implemented a new retirement provision within our overall long-term incentive scheme plan for certain aged and tenured employees as well as we had to true up some of our forfeiture assumptions that you have to put in to the overall model in Black Shoals. So at this point I think it's roughly about right within give or take a $1 million.",2,2,2,2,2,2,2,2,1,2,2,1
"First, Dennis on the military segment you said the system remains challenged there, can you give us an idea on how the broader military commissary system is trending on sales right now?","Actually, as we turned the calendar quarter, [indiscernible] performance seems to have improved. Now, we don’t have numbers yet for January, but our numbers are showing growth through the first eight weeks of the year which is different than what we experienced all of last year. I suspect DeCA is probably showing some growth as well. It’s modest growth but it is growth. We’ve done a lot of hard work in this segment. We’ve got a great leadership team in place. We’ve won some new business over the past six months, and we expect that will show up in the revenue stream. As such, Dave indicated we’re forecasting positive sales in that segment this year.",2,2,1,2,2,2,2,0,1,2,2,2
"Okay. So if I can kind of cut to the guidance and how the aftermarket and your thoughts for next year, you're saying you're being a little bit and you just said again, wait-and-see kind of approach, conservative approach. Obviously, some of them -- the industry dynamics, your customers like GE are a little bit more apt to be a little bit more bullish. I know we've heard the song and dance before... ","After a few times, you start to get gun shy.",0,0,2,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,2,0
Yeah. I think that is great color guys. I appreciate it. Good luck.,"Another point is, it's a onetime event, and we agree with that.",0,0,1,0,1,1,1,0,1,0,1,1
"Just following up on USA TODAY, could you give us a little color, I guess, what the strategy is there in terms of this migration of -- with the hotels to more digital product versus the print product? I guess, any color you can give us on how that impacts your profitability or really how you monetize that move.","Sure. I think all of us who travel and all of us who stay in hotels understand that more and more consumers, when they're in hotels, are armed with smartphones or tablets or whatever devices, in addition to receiving the USA TODAY at their doorstep. And what we believe is that we need to be at the forefront of however consumers want to activate and access our content. And so as more consumers and hotels want to consume that content on their devices, we want to be there, and we want to follow those consumers. And so we've effectively done that in the Hilton situation. Now, as I've said before, those opportunities that we have in the Hilton Hotel rooms, which I think are in excess of 3,000 or 4,000 hotel rooms now, is not going to be in your circulation revenue, but we are paid to provide that portal and those -- some of those additional features of content. And then I think also what it helps us is that it's a pretty targeted audience, and we can show to advertisers and others that these folks are travelers and have certain demographics because they're in certain part of the Hilton Diamond members or whatever. So I think it's a combination of advertising, together with being paid to provide that portal service. And frankly, it costs us less to provide that content, where there's no ink and paper and distribution costs involved.",2,2,2,2,2,2,2,2,1,2,2,2
"Okay. And I am sorry if you've said this and I missed it, but in terms of the total CapEx outlook for 2014, in terms of the dollars and then kind of will there be additional kind of catch-up investment needed in 2015 to kind of address the problems that you have in terms of M&A -- integrating the M&A acquisition there?","The capital we are spending is less about integrating the M&A. We are going to spend about $20 million in 2014. The majority of that is being spent in one facility, to increase capacity, reduce costs and that's going to be very helpful. Going forward as we look out to 2015 and thereafter, our CapEx would probably come down a couple of million dollars to $17 million to $18 million a year. So we don't need to expand the capital spending, we will actually reduce it going forward.",2,2,2,2,2,2,2,2,0,2,2,0
" Yes. Thank you. So earlier you talked about taping out all the Pascal products at this point. I mean, are you – with three products on the market, are you ceding the sub-$250 price point for cards to competition, or is this something you can serve with older Maxwell product or some upcoming product? Thanks."," Yeah, thanks a lot, Ian. We have taped out, we have verified, we have ramped, every Pascal GPU. That's right. However, we have not introduced everyone.",1,2,1,1,1,1,2,0,1,1,2,1
As a percent of sales?,"As a percent of sales. Well, it probably won’t be quite at the level 2011 – and, again, remember this is a three year run rate, it will still be very strong. Our goal has long been to be over 35% on a three-year average, and we’ll be well above that in 2012, some place probably in the, I guess at this point, a little bit mid-40s.",1,2,1,2,1,2,2,2,2,2,2,1
"Thank you. Ronnie, can you talk about the highlights of the DetermaDx paper at ATS 2020 in terms of – kind of your highlights I guess? I know it’s centered around test versus biopsy, but still it’s since recent would love to hear your thought on it?","Yes, Paul, just to net it out, we think that this asset – this bio-bank asset will be very helpful for us too as we think about the monitoring space and certain technologies that we have that could play there in looking at is the therapy working all the way through to is the patient seeing a sustained clinical response or are we seeing recurrence? So it’s a really valuable resource that we don’t talk a lot about. I appreciate the opportunity to share the paper and the importance of that trial.",1,1,1,2,1,2,1,0,0,2,2,1
"	 Two things. You had OIBA growth, I think, 15% but 22% x currency, and presumably, currency is getting quite a bit better in the fourth quarter. So is your guidance for the kind of the higher number or the lower number? And then the second question is just on TripAdvisor. Can you help us and just remind us what that third-party growth that grew 59% and whether that's attractive growth and that's what you're really trying to drive?
","And I think our TripAdvisor and the third-party revenue, we're pretty neutral as to whether the revenue is third party or intercompany. I would say if you look at TripAdvisor's patterns, really, TripAdvisor and Expedia-Hotel point-of-sale support each other in that as TripAdvisor gets into a new country, it has automatically launch partners with Expedia and hotels.com, Hotwire to the extent. Well, Hotwire not internationally. But automatically, it has Expedia and hotels.com as launch partners, which helps TripAdvisor monetize immediately and then allow TripAdvisor to spend marketing money to grow that point-of-sale, so to speak. With time, then TripAdvisor goes out and acquires domestic players to play in the TripAdvisor marketplace and to increase the marketplace. So the average number of OTAs that TripAdvisor works with typically increases as we establish a new TripAdvisor point-of-sale. So that's where you're seeing the third-party revenue growth very quickly. It's growing internationally very quickly. We're accelerating the pace of new TripAdvisor sites on an international basis, and those revenues are growing at triple-digit growth rates along with collect [ph] and a lot of that is third-party revenue after kind of anchor clients come in, which is Expedia and hotels.com. So I think Trip runs a fair game, and they take all takers. And as long as quick growth grows as fast as it is, it is and will continue to be a perfect business for us.",1,1,1,1,1,1,2,2,2,2,2,1
Okay. So it's sounds like the accretion numbers that you talked about previously are still – those are still good numbers?,Yeah. It's only been four weeks.,2,0,1,2,1,2,2,0,0,1,2,1
"Hi. Thank you. About a forward question. Should we expect down seasonality in April? I know you won't guide specifically, but at least talk us through it. You've been kind of growth enough up until now to offset any down seasonality, so its talking through that it could prevent a potential surprise 90 days from now because I think still is modeling some sequential growth in April. Thanks.","Yeah. And Joe, this is Anup. We said a few times in the past that Q1 obviously for us in the industry as a whole is seasonally down as a quarter. As a matter of fact when you look at some of the larger companies, these guys are down in double-digits in Q1 from Q4. As we start to do our modeling out and so on for next year, we absolutely should expect seasonality as well to impact to our numbers.
",2,2,2,2,2,2,2,2,1,1,2,1
"Okay. Thanks for that clarification. And in the process business, you know, the growth rate was -- volume price looked good, mid-single-digit, but it was a little bit of a slowdown from the big pickup you had in the fourth quarter. I wonder is - and what we're hearing from some other companies is capital projects pushing kind of generally in some markets because of currency or with the price of energy or whatever. I wonder if you just comment on what you're seeing from capital projects.","I've been doing a lot of traveling all over the place this year. And I would say that that's that's definitely a theme, especially outside of the U.S. here. You know, other than a few selected areas, it doesn't seem like it's real dramatic. But definitely there's an impact there and there's a tendency for people to be pulling back. Oil and gas is the obvious one. But you know, our exposure in oil and gas is still pretty small. We are exposed against a broad range of end markets and also a broad range of geographies. So it's a tough environment out there. Brazil is very challenged. China, for sure, I think is still trying to sop up a bunch of excess capacity in certain end markets they had put in place when things were going hot and heavy here for a few years. So it's a challenging environment, but I didn't get the sense in all my travels that this is going to be a repeat of 2009.",1,2,2,1,1,1,1,1,2,2,0,1
"Great. Thanks. And then just a follow-up for Arlen. Arlen, I know there are a lot of moving parts right now, but thinking for the early look at 2021, wondering if you could also just give us some color on cash flow? I know you're not guiding there. But obviously, cash flow has been running ahead of EPS and net income. How should we think about that next year?","Yes, I mean look, Phil, there's a lot of seasonality and a lot of moving parts around cash flow on a quarter-to-quarter basis. We obviously feel good, and we have over $1 billion of cash flow for the trailing 12-month period. So, feel good about where we are. You also, from our investor presentation, know that we've put out some views around 2022 and I think that you'll continue to see us feel good about what we said in October around this year and around 2022. But obviously, we're not going to guide free cash flow as we go on a year-to-year basis. But we clearly feel good about what we showed last year and how we presented our growth and our trajectory around our Investor Day last year.",2,2,2,2,2,2,2,2,1,2,2,2
So that's part of what you are banking on to replace Minecraft I take it?,"Yes. That's some of the excitement we have coming into the fall, yes.",2,2,2,2,2,2,2,1,1,2,2,1
What's the potential recovery if you're successful?,"Potential recovery would be, at this point in time, in excess of our book value of $1.9 million.",2,2,1,2,2,1,2,2,1,2,2,2
"
Just a couple of questions on the newspaper segment. The first is on the paywall. I just wanted to understand the math behind the $100 million gain in operating revenues -- I mean, sorry, the operating income. Because if we go back to 2011 and compare the revenues, circulation revenue to that period for the first 3 months -- 3 quarters of this year, then you're just slightly ahead of what you were doing then. And if I remember correctly, you'd guided us to an operating margin of about 50% in that business. So the revenues are just slightly ahead. Then just from a -- just mathematically, the margins can only be higher than $100 million if the operating margins are a lot higher than 50%.
","Okay. I think what you're looking at is our total circulation revenue, which would include USA TODAY, Newsquest as well as U.S. Community Publishing. Well, obviously we have the benefit of knowing those numbers as they pertain to each one of those businesses. And we have been scrupulous in viewing those numbers. And if you look at where they are, there's several components you have to look at when you simply look at the 78 markets within U.S. Community Publishing that had the benefit of the all-access content subscription model. So you start with gross revenues, then you have to take that down for additional marketing, additional other things that we do. And in fact, those numbers are very much on track to realize the $100 million of operating revenue -- operating profit.",2,2,1,1,2,1,2,2,1,2,2,2
"Thank you. So questions for Samit please. In terms of attending 9LA data at ASCO, what is the follow up of that data for both OSN for PFS? My question is all physicians going to come after that presentation and rethink that strategy for first line non-small cell lung on the back of that data, is there enough follow-up there? Second, in terms of the 9ER trial, could you talk to cover that too? I remember that when you ran the Phase 2, there was a question about toxicity and making sure and be use the low dose. So given it's a much more promiscuous TTI, should we assume a favorable or comparable tops profile? Anything you could share that would be interesting. And then finally on TIGIT, Roche's pushing forward very aggressively with that TIGIT antagonist. Merck clearly is interested and active with as your program seems not to been very much. Is that a function of resource allocation or is it a function of what you're seeing with this particular molecule? Thank you.","Sure. I think that Samit stood on most of the points around 9LA. What I would say from a commercial standpoint is obviously we've had a lot of discussions with physicians over the last few months about 227 and 9LA. And it's important what Samit said that physicians and we really do think that 227 and 9LA really need to be thought about together. 227, you'll recall that what we showed was about 50% of responders were still responding at two years, and we saw this nice flattening of the OS curve. You'll see how that data matures at ASCO into few weeks. But then the way physicians are thinking about 9LA is very much as complimentary to 227. In that they offer the benefit of Opdivo plus Yervoy to patients who don't need chemotherapy, that's 227. And for those patients who potentially do need chemotherapy and that's where 9LA comes into play. And I think Samit hit on some of the key things that you want to pay attention to when that data are presented at ASCO in a few weeks. Two other things that I would just keep in mind with respect to Opdivo plus Yervoy in lung. First about half of the lung cancer treaters have used Opdivo plus Yervoy either in melanoma or renal. So, they're familiar with the benefit that we see with that regimen there and those physicians account for about two thirds of total lung cancer patients. And then the second thing not a trivial thing is that we have a very experienced team with a track record of being able to establish Opdivo plus Yervoy at a standard of care in both of the tumors in which we've been approved with that regimen. And then they're incredibly excited and prepared to launch Opdivo plus Yervoy in first line lung cancer and we're really looking forward to the PDUFA date for 227 next week.",1,1,1,1,1,1,2,2,1,1,2,2
"Okay, thank you. And then my last question is on the LCD Steppers, you sold seven LCD Steppers in the first half but you raised the fiscal LCD units from 27 units to 31 units. Where is the upside coming from, is it from the large-sized or the small-sized LCD Steppers? The reason I’m asking is Nikon would leave one to believe that they have almost 100% share of the small to midsized LCD Steppers being used for LTPS and smartphones and tablets. Thank you.","As you know, LCD (inaudible) concerned we are just concentrated on our large chip panel itself. So the reason why we have full unit increase in our forecast is mainly the additional orders from China. So we are not – at this moment, we are not (inaudible) size of R&R yet, that completed my answer.",1,2,1,1,1,1,2,2,1,0,2,1
"That's helpful, Lisa. And then you guys have a ton of goodness on your immediate plate on the server side and the data center side, just with the workloads you're going after. But I'm kind of curious, you answered an earlier question saying you expect more GPUs for the data center. And I don't want you to pre-announce product, but then how should I think about your positioning for AIs and workload and acceleration? And just given some of the heavy lifting that NVIDIA had to do around CUDA, how do I think about the investment there? Is this an area that you think you have some unique IP you can bring to, or how do I think about that over the next couple of years?","Yeah. So, I think that's actually a good way of talking about the opportunity, John. I think the CPU opportunity is very immediate and in front of us as we look at the opportunities with Rome and the expanding opportunities. I think the data center, you know, GPU market continues to be an important growth sector for us, and now, I call that over the several year horizon.
So, when you look at the opportunities that we have, when we combine our CPU and GPU IP together, they're very, very strong. I mean, for example, this is the reason that we won the Oak Ridge National Lab Supercomputer with Frontier, which are actually both the CPU and GPU win, and some of the optimization that we've done with that overall system. We think that there are additional opportunities like that, as well as machine learning and AI opportunities. Our focus there has been to work with large cloud providers, to optimize the machine learning frameworks.
And we had some key milestones that we completed in the fourth quarter that will continue to be a focus for us in 2020 and beyond.
",2,2,1,2,2,2,2,2,1,2,2,2
Got it. And then just maybe competitors or competitors a little bit different in Europe? Or are you seeing similar competitors in both regions?,"That is similar, very similar we don't see the difference, at least not in Europe. In Asia we tend to see some but not in Europe.",2,2,2,2,2,2,2,1,1,1,2,0
"Hi. Thanks. And I also like to extend my best wishes to Lowell and congrats to Hans. Just a couple of topics, if I could.
First on the strategic side. As I listened to the management commentary over the past year, is the underlying goal for Verizon to become a leading provider of broadband in the home and on-the-go across the country? And if this is the direction, how long would it take and how much can be driven by internal investments versus possible M&A? And then just one thing on the business trends. Postpaid phone growth at the industry level has risen to more than twice the rate of population growth. Do you have any thoughts on what's driving this change? And the sustainability for postpaid phones at this new level of growth? Thanks.
","So maybe I can start with the network question that you had and broadband. I think when I look into the assets we have and I've been now working here for quite a while, I really like the assets we have and the ones we're building, that will give us the opportunity to be a much larger broadband provider. And I think the announcement that we did today that we now are having Houston as well and we will continue with that communication on the new cities we are going to deploy on. 5G gives us that opportunity.
But we need to remember when I talk about 5G, 5G is an access technology. There is so much more you need to do to actually have it. When I look what we're doing all the way from the data center with fiber, unified transport, multiservice routers the all way, I see that this is a big undertaking, but we are in the midst of it, and as I have said a couple of times before, I mean, we have been on to this Intelligent Edge Network right now for quite a while, and we see the benefits and we see the opportunity that it creates. So you're right, it, of course, is going to take time to have it across the country.
But as I mentioned, we're already now deploying fiber in 50 cities. So we will come back and give you more color to it. But I think we are preparing the network to be really using the network and levering the efficiency market. So that's for us a very important piece of it.
",2,2,1,2,2,2,1,0,2,2,2,1
"Okay. So, it’s safe to assume this whole credit crunch that happened, you didn’t see your commercial paper rates sky rocket or anything that was undesirable?",Remember we are pretty highly rated so…,1,1,1,1,1,1,2,0,1,2,1,1
"I know it's probably minutia, but just to get a number, the production on the May clearinghouse package, do you guys have a number on that?","Yes. It's been the -- it's in our offset data, I think. It was about...",1,2,1,2,1,1,0,0,1,1,2,1
"Yeah, hi. Good morning and thank you for all the comments. I have a quick follow-up here. So, first of all, just to confirm, does guidance assume any new share gains from independent groups beyond what you already have gained year-to-date? That's first. And then my second question is if you can just give us a little bit more color on the branded inflation. I know in past quarter, I think, you mentioned that I think, now only 10% of your contracts with manufacturers are tied to or contingent on inflation. Can you maybe give us some more color on what percent of EBIT is tied to these agreements? Thank you.","Our growth rate in independents – when we talked about it, I mean, we're talking about really growing by 1% or 2%, which is really just making sure we get our fair share of wallet with our contracted customers. We feel that we have mutual respect with the customers and we've given them we think fair pricing contracts and in return we should get all their generic compliance. And there has been some, you can call it interlopers in the market, where they come and maybe even slice off some brand products and that makes the generic compliance look better. We're saying to our independent customers, we want all your business. We're contracting with you. And that's where we've been focused. And those, I think, are very legitimate and bilateral discussions that we should have. And I think that's where we've made progress. As far as what the amount of brand contracts that are covered by fee-for-service, essentially all of our contracts are covered by fee-for-service. There are some where there's an outcome that could vary depending on the rate of inflation that they experience in their own portfolio. We are moving quickly to close that, as the market changes. So, we are in those discussions. We don't think that that reflects the current market, or the sort of bilateral mutually respectful agreements that we should have with our large branded manufacturers. So, those discussions are ongoing right now. Peyton Howell and her team are on it, and I think we're making progress there. But still more work to be done there for sure. Tim, anything to add?",1,2,1,2,1,1,2,2,1,0,2,2
"I wanted to circle back on Russia a little bit. Given the tough volume results in Russia, is there a need to increase investment behind brands in Russia? Or is there a change in the consumer behavior? Can you just address that a little more?","No. I mean, on our side, yes, we want to do more on our brands, because we simply think that we can do better. When you come to -- when we talk about overall volumes that the Russian market has slightly declined last year at about 2%, I would say. For this year, I would expect a little less than 2%. But there is, of course, the consequence also of the fairly frequent price increases that happened in the market. So in that sense, consumers have been forced to upgrade quite a bit because prices over the last 3 years have come up quite a bit at the low end. This would be a combined average growth of the prices in the range of 25%.",1,2,1,1,1,1,2,2,1,2,2,1
" I actually wanted to follow up, Rick, on the comment you made about the timing of the customers trying to take all the tools together. The thing -- it's -- what's surprising is, I would think that to your tools, [ph] goes with the lithography tool and if I look at your guidance ASML, they guided the shipment down 20% almost in Q3 and then another down 15% in Q4, whereas you are seeing a pick-up in Q4. So where does that discrepancy coming from? I would think that foundry guys will be looking for lithography tools first, or at least lithography and process control together."," Well, you might imagine, we don't spend a lot of time trying to figure out what's happening in the litho tools space as much as dealing with our own dynamics. But a couple of thoughts for you",1,1,1,1,1,1,2,1,1,1,2,1
"Yeah, just talking about…","I guess I talked about Modern Family. I guess we would [second] (inaudible) Modern Family I think will be the highest first cycle show ever sold into the marketplace and I think what's driving it is that we have good shows. I mean, I think as people get more and more choices, I think where you get hurt is if you're sort of chopped liver in the middle and if you got hits, I think the value it hits is bigger than ever. You’ve got the NFL or American Idol, Glee, the ability and owner of Modern Family is not always the owner network but when you have those types of shows they have extraordinary value, importance, and power. And I think TV continues to prove itself as a sort of something of importance to consumers and value advertisers second to none. I mean you look at the ad market, as I said, on these national broadcaster cable networks, demand from an advertising perspective is incredible. And I think it shows the power of television, power to importance to consumers or the power to advertisers. And if you guy hit shows that stand out in a world of 200 channels, it's value.",1,2,1,2,1,2,2,2,1,2,2,2
"Okay. And last one from me, are you seen any changes in terms of new business on the billing type, either to more outcomes oriented or different models where you take on a little bit more of the risk?","Yes. There is definitely interest in that merging. I can tell you personally we are interested in that. I don't know if it's something that is going to become really broad-based and the norm. To get the outcome-based billing, it does require the client to come and give over to you certain control and trust that maybe they are not comfortable with. That fact alone I think will make it to where it will just become a component of the market. I don't know what percent. I could see it to maybe 20% of our portfolio would move into that way. And it's something we are interested in because we are operating with some of those outcome-based billing models today and they have proven to be quite successful. So we would like to get more of them.",2,2,2,2,2,2,2,1,1,1,2,2
"And I'll also add my congrats on a really impressive quarter here. Maybe two questions from me, one to start off, we saw a nice performance down the MedSurg business and throughout medical. There's a lot of new product launches going on here, so I just would like to get a sense of what the key drivers are? How the ProCuity Bed launch is going and what you're seeing in terms of the capital equipment, health of the market out there?","Hey Robbie, it is Preston. Just in terms of capital overall and we continue to see a pretty stable capital environment and if we've seen that really through the first couple of quarters and really evidenced by the continued strong sales in Medical as you'd said and also of course with our Mako technology. As it pertains specifically to Medical, so obviously we have the ProCuity Bed which I'll talk about in just a second, but we also have really strong performances out of our emergency care business. We've seen that in the last couple of quarters as well and so that continues to be very strong and it's just been an uptick there really in the in the U.S. and outside the U.S.

With regards to ProCuity itself, the team is very pleased with how that launch has gone and started. We've really gotten a lot of awareness out there. We certainly have a lot of engagement from our customers, and we're starting to see building momentum in orders and sales in the U.S. and then starting to kick off that launch outside the U.S. as well. So we really expect that ProCuity is going to continue to be a driver for Medical really for the remainder of this year and as we go into next.",2,2,2,2,2,2,2,2,1,2,2,2
" Yeah. I appreciate that. I mean, that's what I am really struggling with here, because if I am looking on the face of it, it looks like the business is in a really good shape. I mean, your orders are looking good, your backlog is looking good, the price you have gotten overall in the quarter and the Q is looking pretty good. And I am looking at your guidance, and you are essentially saying that you are going to have material headwinds that hamper your profitability in the front half of 2018. This is not just you, this is happening broadly in machinery. I am trying to understand, what is the extent to which material costs are hurting you, and what can you pass-through with costs?"," The other thing that's happening is, is that we are increasing our operating expenses, as we implement further reinforcements to the industry share gain and industry selling efforts that we are putting in place. We view that as more of an investment than expense, but it shows up as an expense, and once we get that in place, we expect that over the course of 2017-2018, we expect it to level off. But we are still in a position, we are prepared to invest in these programs that we think can really drive our long term position. So there is quite a bit of that going on in our overall structure, particularly on the operating expense line.",1,1,1,1,1,1,2,0,2,1,2,1
"Hi, guys. Just looking at the PG&A margins here in Q4, not quite as good as we’ve seen in the past, but just a shift in products maybe without people riding snowmobiles, accessories or garments are lower. Anything you can speak to on that and then what we should kind of look for in margins on PG&A going forward?","Yeah. Mark, this is Tim. In Q4, we had less of the snow- related high-margin products shipped, obviously, with the lower snowfall. That impacted us as well as perhaps a bit higher freight cost impacting us, although I don’t think – going forward, I think if you use history as your guide for margins, I think, in your model you’ll be fine.",2,2,2,2,2,2,2,0,0,0,0,0
"Just a quick follow up on that last question, maybe not getting at it from a specific vendor perspective but maybe more so from a technology perspective could you maybe Scott talk about what you’re seeing in terms of the iSCSI based storage market at this point? And, maybe looking forward, when maybe the inflection point could play out with regard to 10 gigabyte Ethernet?","That’s a good question. I think we continue to see a move towards IP based options so we’re seeing growth both with iSCSI and with traditional [NAZ] based interfaces for attachment. So, steady growth but we certainly, I don’t feel, have reached any inflection point yet.",2,2,2,2,2,1,2,1,1,1,2,2
"I guess maybe Owen, everybody is, nobody knows how the moratorium is going to end or exactly when it will end. But if you just sort of talk with your customers, their views hey, if the moratorium ends on November 30th, we would expect to need X in 2011 or, are people still just maybe a little too discombobulated from all this to really think that far ahead yet?Well just your customers, are they thinking about 2011? Are you talking with them about pipelay vessel needs in 2011, or was your commentary on the vessels that you expect to see within your own fleet, repositioning potentially, is that just – that’s how you’re interpreting the market today. I’m trying to understand, what are the moving parts that you see?","Roger, it’s really on a high place side not on the well intervention side. I think on the well intervention side, I think it’s fair to say that we’ll probably benefit Roger, in long-term from what’s happened here.",1,0,1,0,1,1,2,1,1,1,2,0
" I just want to go back to the cash balance and buyback that I think C.J. touched on. Bren, when you made the buyback announcement at SEMICON West, I think some people were expecting more just given that if you were to execute that over 12 to 18 months, it would seem like you could cover most of it with your strong cash flow generation, and therefore, barely make a dent in the cash balance. So could we get your perspective on that and just the capital structure more broadly?"," Well, certainly. As I talked about at SEMICON West, I think for a lot of the reasons that I talked about around secular dynamics, our business model, our ability to generate cash through cycle, that there's an opportunity, I think, for the company to be -- to adopt a more service capital structure as part of our long-term strategy. And so I think we've done a lot already with what we've done in terms of our dividend and the growth rate in the dividend, but there's an aspect or an opportunity to do more there. So the buyback announcement was that the sort of the recognition of that, I think the logical first step in terms of moving in that direction. I don't want to show all my cards on it, but it is something that we continue to look at additional opportunities to drive value for our shareholders by using the capital structure of the company in a more assertive way. So -- also, I think, given a lot of the dynamics I talked about, it does offer an opportunity, I think, to rely more on leverage as an opportunity to fund the company's needs, either strategic or operational down the road. And so certainly, that's an aspect of how we're thinking about it as well. So we will -- I think, on execution of the buyback, it will take our U.S. cash balance. I think, reducing the U.S. cash reserves, which is how we're going to fund that with the logical first step there, and then they'll take our U.S. cash balance because I'm not generating any new cash in the U.S. because I'm already paying it all out. We'll take it down to somewhere around $1 billion, which we think is at the right level given our views of just a strategic -- the ability to fund strategic needs and operational requirements.",2,2,1,2,2,2,2,2,1,2,2,1
"In the quarter, I think last quarter you actually gave these details on new home guides, the percent of markets that were up versus down. It was more qualitative this quarter w",It was 84% in Q2 that were down.,2,2,2,2,2,0,2,1,1,1,2,1
"Second, if I could, I know it's small and this maybe for Charlie or maybe even Neil as well. But the sale of Israel, as I recall, if I got it right, you had just maybe closed out or exercised a put option against you to buy the minority stake of that in 2008? So was that an asset that you're proactively, I guess, approaching people for a sale or were you approached? And is it a sign of other things you might be looking at or entertaining as you look at other assets and their strategic relevance to you?","Sure, Neil. I think that the International business is, as I frequently say, is different than our domestic divisions because it's a portfolio of businesses. And we look at this on a regular basis, this portfolio, our long-term goal is to move up to a high single-digit operating margin, and we still got a lot of ways to go. So we look at those businesses that will be accretive to that move, and those that won't, so that was part of the -- this is an overall strategy that we had in place for sometime. Regarding Israel itself, we were not actively marketing that. We were actually approached several months ago. And as we worked through our discussions with this particular company, it became clear that we could create a win-win situation for both us, and this large Israeli retailer. So I think that pretty much covers it.",2,2,1,2,2,1,2,1,0,1,1,1
"And then secondly, you guys again, reported a pretty significant outgrowth in your single family volumes relative to the single family housing starts. I would just be curious if you guys have any final thoughts points on that? Just, how do you think you're actually comparing versus your own markets? You could look at different data points of completion data probably held up a little better in Q2. So, what do you guys see as a sustainable share gain at this point, as the market recovers? And what kind of metrics are you looking at to kind of determine your market outperformance?","Yes, I think a lot of it goes back to the multiyear investments in value added and components manufacturing them. I'm still a, my firm believer that that is not going to go away, the labor shortage is not going to go away, the cost of labor is not going to go away. And I think it's a trend that will continue and that's why we were focused on developing that part of our business and that's where we've seen some definite out growth when it comes to our volume for starts.",2,2,1,2,1,2,2,2,1,2,2,0
"Great, thanks. Good morning. So with Walmart announcing a big push in the primary care clinical services and a perception among some investors that Walmart may be offering these services at lower prices than the competition, I guess I'm just curious to hear your high-level thoughts on whether this may influence your pricing or marketing strategy and/or the timing of rollout of your own clinical services strategy at Walgreens over the next couple of years.And then on the plus side of this, could the -- just the notion of greater visibility overall on primary care offerings in the traditional retail setting maybe be a net positive for Walgreens and really all the players at this early stage? Thanks.","Thanks, Steve. Yes. No, we think that it's a good move for retail to be involved in health care as that happens in a place like Walmart in 206 huge successful company and they do it well then we think that'll help us because, we've got a great brand. We think, we've got strong, better community locations. And we've got more focus on pharmacy there and more focus on health care relationships. So, overall, we think that's going to be an advantage to us. And we'll continue with our own strategy, developing and investing in the way that James and I have described this morning.",2,1,1,2,2,2,2,0,1,0,2,2
"Given the retrenchment in the oil market, has the bidding process become more competitive out there or are you not seeing any of that?","I would say all of our projects are competitive. We have to make sure that we understand what the customer wants and who is quoting at each time and I would say that when we see the quotations, when we see the bids coming out with names of capable bidders, those names are growing in scope.",1,1,1,2,1,2,2,1,0,2,2,2
"Thank you. Just as a follow up then, will maturity of all debt deals be around 2015?",Unlikely. It's going to vary from transaction to transaction. That will happen to be 2015. I would not be surprised if you saw other deals with longer terms.,1,1,2,1,1,0,1,0,1,1,1,1
When do you think you’ll have some meaningful uptick of the Willow Glass in terms of you’re actively engaged with customers? When do you think we can expect to hear more on the traction on Willow Glass?,"I think we’ll talk more about Willow in the October conference call. Okay, so we’ll wrap up here. I just have a couple of investor relations comments. First, in case you missed our announcement in June, we did officially appoint Ann Nicholson division VP, and she’ll be leading our investor relations function. We’re delighted to recognize Ann’s performance with this promotion. Our second announcement is we will be speaking at the Citi technology conference on September 4 in New York City. I’d like to summarize a few highlights of the call. First, we’ve made great progress on our plan to stabilize display and then return to positive momentum in this segment. Second, we’re executing our goal to grow earnings in our other businesses. In addition to volume growth, strong operational execution and cost reduction efforts have been a significant driver of profitably improvements. We grew our core earnings per share year over year by double digits for the last three quarters. We think this is strong evidence we’re marching up. Fourth, Dow Corning silicones are not improving year over year, and that’s a big disappointment to us. And finally, as we look forward to Q3, we’re confident that we will have our fourth consecutive quarter of year over year core earnings growth, despite the weak Dow Corning outlook. It will be driven by moderate glass declines in LCD, and growth in telecom, life sciences, and environmental. Ann?",0,0,1,0,0,1,2,2,1,2,2,2
"Owen, any thoughts on maybe how you think of Helix’s position in the long-term as far as maybe long term benefiting from this kind of a push towards an emergency spill response given the role you guys have played in dealing with the Macondo situation?","Jim, I really think the industry pays a lot of attention to prevention and post Macondo I think that’s going to be first and foremost on everyone’s mind. So I don’t see this as an event that you would create a business around. I do think that it’s been demonstrated that our assets are very conducive to responding here especially if the hardware was preexisting I think you’re looking at containment within weeks. I don’t see there being a financial benefit to Helix, but I do see benefit from the Helix assets to the general industry in its efforts to get the moratorium lifted.",1,2,1,1,1,1,2,1,1,1,2,1
"Okay. Super. And then, I'm not sure if Norman or Annette or Shannon would be best to address this, but as we think about the RainDance deal, could you sort of educate us on the rationale for the acquisition? How do you expect to integrate the two Droplet Digital platforms and what does it really add to your capabilities in that area?","Okay. This is Annette. So, RainDance has Droplet Digital PCR products that are very complementary to the products we have in that space today. So it strengthens our position in Digital PCR, and they have expertise and products in next-generation sequencing sample prep that will really accelerate our move into that market. Additionally, they have foundational intellectual property that I believe will give us maximum flexibility as we move into markets adjacent to Digital PCR that are droplet-based.",2,2,2,2,2,2,2,2,1,1,2,2
"Yeah. Thanks. And well everyone is stay healthy. I just wanted to follow-up, Jayshree, on your commentary from the beginning of the call you said, you're planning to run the business versus 2018 levels. I assume that's an OpEx comment?Or is it an OpEx comment that also maybe relates to where you think revenue could kind of tends to allow, at the end of the year?","Yeah. I mean, I think, Alex, it's a focus on just OpEx and investment levels, until we understand better kind of what the rest of the year. How the rest of the year plays out, right?And so, you should expect to see us kind of cut back on some of the variable expenses, et cetera, and come back to spending that looks similar to where we were for 2018. And then, as things unfold, we can change that, right? But for now, that's the focus.",2,2,2,2,2,1,2,1,1,1,1,1
"Great. Thank you so much. Michael, I wanted to just ask about wage inflation and SG&A leverage. It seems like the leverage point today, perhaps, starting in the third quarter, sits a little bit higher because of the wage increases. So I’m wondering if you can just talk to your -- what comp you need to leverage SG&A in a normal environment? And it seems like starting in the third quarter and continuing maybe through the first half of ‘17 that comp needed is a bit higher because of the incremental wages, could you just talk us through that?","Sure, Kimberly. The third quarter levered by 5 basis points on the 7% comp. As we mentioned in our comments, that was partly driven by wages and that really hasn’t changed from the first part of the year but it was also impacted by one-time non-recurring charges we took in the quarter. So I’d say the leverage point change in the quarter was those non-recurring costs. At this point, we continue to believe, at least in the next couple of years that the leverage point continues to be about 3%.",2,2,2,2,2,1,2,2,1,1,2,1
"I wanted to dive a little bit into display inventory levels. You seem relatively comfortable with the 18 weeks of inventory level, but I’m curious, if we go by geography, are there any areas where inventories were more elevated or lean? And specifically focusing on China, given your expectation of lack of subsidies in the second half? And then do you have any concerns on inventory levels in tablets and smartphones relative to TVs?","I don’t have any detailed information on tablets/smartphone inventory. On display inventories, I wouldn’t characterize it as relatively comfortable. I’m always nervous when inventories get to an 18-week level. We have done a lot of work on trying to figure out is the items that I talked about with the more sizes really having an influence? We have some positive information that says that has been contributing, but I remain nervous about the 18 weeks. I don’t have a lot of geographic information. The only thing that I’ll comment on is that we believe that there has been an excess of 32-inch televisions built in China. And that’s the only place that I’m aware of where there’s a potentially significant problem, that’s localized.",2,2,2,2,1,0,2,1,1,0,2,2
"Okay. And that last thing, can you talk about the growth of Hygiene business is kind of buried within that bigger segment and in particular the UltraClean that had been grown in the pretty exponential rates and have you hit a certain level of maturity in that business?","Well, we certainly have the rate… the rate of growth in that business has slowed somewhat as it has a bigger base but it still continues to grow. The Hygiene and UltraClean are growing faster than the Uniform Rental business is growing. I mean, we are still seeing the headwinds of the shift in types of labor that exists in the U.S. and therefore it is having an impact on our Garment Rental Programs. But the Hygiene in the UltraClean businesses are certainly the factor growing pieces of it albeit on a much smaller base.",2,2,2,2,2,2,2,0,1,2,1,2
"And then just as a follow-up, Jim, I wanted to ask you on the OpenStack opportunity. Could you size it in terms of revenue potential in the next couple of years, just relative to what you think the revenue potential is for you in the storage and the virtualization arenas in the same time frame? Because we've been hearing a lot more about OpenStack, but I don't think there's a real clear understanding of the magnitude of the opportunity there.","Yes, I really wish I had a real crystal ball, right? We can give you a lot more on that at Analyst Day. What I would say is there's a significant potential in it. Obviously, in software-defined data center, long term there's going to be significant revenue. How fast that actually develops is another thing. We're working with a lot of early adopter customers on OpenStack, and there's a lot of interest in it. But until those things go into production, there just won't be big dollars. So I think if you look out, if you put a horizon 4 or 5 years, it could be much, much larger than the Linux market for sure. But if you ask me over the next 12 months, I can't imagine there'll be material revenue, not just for us but for anyone. Because at that point, it's -- it'll all be POCs, just kind of working with customers to operationalize it and big checks don't start coming until things go into production.",1,1,2,1,1,1,2,2,0,2,2,1
"Okay, got it. And then is some of the weakness that we saw in the quarter, is there some competitive threat that we should be thinking about? Was it mainly macro? And then just any commentary on what you're seeing in competitive landscape?",We do believe that is mainly macro event that some of our customers have really slowed down. We don't believe we've lost share at those customers.,2,2,2,2,2,1,2,1,1,2,2,1
"I just wanted to – first again on Indonesia a little bit. You talked about targeting double-digit profit growth in that market this year. When we think about Indonesia over the long term, is this – should we think about it a little bit differently where maybe it will be more of a profit growth market and less of a kind of volume revenue market going forward? Or is this just a one-time factor in 2016? And then maybe we get a little bit more volume growth in the out-years?","Well, Bill, to be frank I'm sure am thinking Indonesia can have all three, i.e., can be a volume, revenue and a bottom-line OCI growth target. We still remain confident in the longer run, Indonesia total market can be in the growth rate over somewhere around 1%, 1% to 2%. We have said it on a number of occasions in the past that depends on the macroeconomic factors which may impact temporarily the purchasing power, et cetera. The market may have some slowdown, I think what we observed, that we forecast to observe this year, due to the – a bit of a – the softer – due to the softer economy, et cetera. Then Indonesia maybe go into some decline this year. But pricing remains strong. The cost outlook for Indonesia, I mean, it seems pretty positive. And therefore, we're very confident that this year as in the years in the past, I mean Indonesia, not only will it grow double-digit bottom line, but also, can remain a very significant contributor to overall PMI performance. So I'm very positive on Indonesia, both in the short and the longer term. But, as many developing economies, they might have some periods of a relative slowdown, and then as you know they will go to acceleration.",2,2,1,2,2,2,2,2,0,2,2,2
"Okay and you've highlighted the east as kind of an area of strength, which is I believe, where you offer more kind of turnkey framing services there's a lot of talks about the products that you're offering filters to drive efficiencies. But how do you think about some of those services that kind of help you win share as well.","Services are a big part of it in installation services to customer stickiness, optimizing bringing packages on the design I inside as a service. So anytime, you can add more services to your offering, you're just that much more of a partner with the home builder, and as I said a minute ago, a much more much stickier relationship, much less likely to price you to save a nickel on a two by four. And so anything we can do to be that partner that the builder relies upon to help them build that house most efficiently, whether its products or services or some definitely we're focusing on.",2,2,2,2,2,2,2,2,1,2,2,1
"The weather headwinds that you mentioned had a lot of impact in December, I think you guys mentioned, but I just want to confirm do those weather comparisons improve since December or not necessarily?","First of all, is should have said this before I took the first question. I want to thank all the analysts for bearing with us going through this first year and all these adjustments and merger related. You read the script and it’s hard to follow and I appreciate that and we’re looking forward here to getting to a clean 2015 and having these numbers be a little easier to digest. The winter weather we’re talking about really was about last year the state of Michigan had I think it was the number two all-time snow fall and we got plenty of snow storms and a lot of snow. West Michigan got 107 inches of snow, we normally get in the 70s range. When we started to cycle that in December, we started to see the comps fall off a little bit. We just couldn’t get that pantry loading replaced with this year’s weather. In fact, in December we had 31 inches less snow than we had the prior year December and through the middle of February, December, January, and February we’ve got 61 inches less snow than a year ago which almost is like the annual season snow fall. We were kind of like the opposite of Boston, they’re getting it this year, we got it last year. I hate talking about the weather as it relates to the sales, but when it’s that significant it was clearly a contributor. We are seeing it moderating a little bit as we move through January and now into late February and early March.",2,2,1,2,2,1,2,2,1,1,2,1
" Hi, guys. I guess one follow up to the last question. So monthly volatility has certainly increased from a sales standpoint. If you go to April and May it was up in the lower 30 if you had in June deceleration, July was up 25% August, September then worse in October back up. I realize when you get the orders and when you ship the products that you can’t fully control but is there something that you’ve thought about or is there some way that we can sort of rationalize how the selling and sell through sort of work here. So there’s a bit of an explanation for the increased volatility because obviously the underlying sales per the scanner date are good but they ship way too much volatility here month-to-month. I guess any color there. And then the second question -- so you exhausted the share repurchase authorization. How you are thinking about the roughly $600 million in cash on the balance sheet right now?","We sell to distributors. You know what I mean.
",0,0,0,0,0,0,2,1,1,1,2,1
"It does help. And I guess the context is more really looking at 2012, because -- and part of that, I guess, depends on how much share you retain in Japan, because we'll be lapping some of the benefit you saw in Q2 as a result of this -- the disruption. But I guess your point is if you take the year-to-date number of 31.5% and if you sort of think about that 30% that you're seeing at the offtake trend, that would sort of be the comparable number just on -- in terms of on the volume side. And then I guess on the pricing side, though, because in 2011 you also saw the benefit of the price increases in Japan and the volume decline coming in better than expected. So is it fair to think about that was -- that's also a partial benefit to your 2011 earnings growth in terms of x currency basis and then the comparison in 2012 is not as positive, I guess, depending on what the tax situation unfolds in Japan.","Exactly. I mean, the most important point, you just said it, well, what is going to be the tax and price situation going into 2012, which is very hard to predict now. I think it's easy to predict that the market decline will be much more moderate than what we have seen this year, because nobody expects a tax and price hike of the dimension that we have seen in October 2012. Where it stands now in terms of tax in Japan is that the DPJ tax council has come out with a proposed law of JPY 40 per pack to be discussed with opposition parties, which we're against. In recent discussions, we also have heard that eventually, excise tax could be excluded altogether from the financing of the reconstruction package. However, let's be clear here. Even an exclusion from that package does not mean an exclusion of tax measures in the ordinary budget. So we will have to see what's going to come out in terms of tax and thereafter, in terms of price, because well, the central approval by the Finance Ministry of price increases is also still in place. So a lot of question marks at this point in time. We will see the outcome, but you mentioned it. I mean, we will, of course, start the year in Japan from a much stronger base than we have been starting the year in 2011.",2,2,1,1,2,1,2,2,2,0,2,0
Okay. Great. And just the uptake of the analytics and security stuff that you've seen thus far?,"Yes. I think it's really interesting. I mean it's an early model, been in the market now for a few months. And so we've done more of a limited release, just trying to learn and grow. The business is still immaterial from a dollar standpoint. It's doubling sequentially. I think it's really driving from a model standpoint what we've laid out. It's the opportunity to go back is to, frankly, anybody that is – that is a long time Citrix customer, but the most value being added, of course, those that have converted to the cloud and layer on unique insights, not just as one more monitoring tool, but there's things that are really driving more autonomous actions to help drive a better security model, better performance model and all the contextual attributes that we've talked about. So you can see the pricing out there and kind of draw a picture back to what the overall TAM is. But over time, this could be a really material business, and that's how we're looking at it. It's just early on right now, so I'm just a little bit cautious in putting out early term expectations.",1,1,2,2,1,2,2,2,1,1,2,1
"Okay, great. And then I think you talked to the ratio being flattish I think relative to the prior quarter. Did you see any behavior either in the months that might make you think that either things were improving or perhaps eroding a little bit at all and the numbers or was it even possible to get that granular?",We look at it every week and I would tell you based on my review; there is not enough fluctuation to really tip say there is a directional change in any one month versus the other.,2,2,2,2,2,1,2,0,2,0,1,1
"Okay. I have to ask, to be able to get that capacity to smooth out that, what was the consideration that you had to do to get that firm transportation smooth, out that – the pipeline capacity?","It's the same we're paying for all of our transportation, actually in some cases, a little bit less. What this is, we buy firm. Typically on a pipeline, you're buying long-term firm. In this case, there were operators who can't supply their firm. And for short periods of time, some of these contracts we have are 6-month type contracts. And all we're doing is buying from operators who couldn't use it. So we're buying at their rate or lower than their rate because they were going to have to pay it one way or the other.",1,1,1,2,1,1,2,2,1,1,2,1
"Okay. So the Marine contract was already in this, is that correct, or the marine contract has not started yet, rolling off?","Correct, correct.",2,0,2,2,2,1,2,1,1,1,2,1
"Good afternoon, guys. So, I think all the pharma questions have been answered. Maybe a little bit on PharMEDium and some of the performance there. You said you'd been thrilled with the integration. Can you just talk a little bit about how you can use that as a potential leading source to drive incremental revenue, incremental customer bases. Has that introduced you to any other new customers that you didn't already know?","We can do better there. And in fact I was talking to one of our health systems VPs just this week. I feel we can do better there. It's about a year, and we've had some leadership changes there. I think we're very comfortable with the team. The focus at PharMEDium has really been on making sure that we maintain the high regulatory standards that FDA and others expect of us, and we're working very hard. And I think you'll see ABC and PharMEDium management team having the right orientation there. That's going to be very, very important to continue to lift the standards. So that's been a lot of the focus, and we've been through a lot of the integration. They have had some benefits from some new product launches. Their pricing there is definitely a different environment than the rest of the generic environment that we see. Their market share is very, very good. They work with 2,000 systems. And their biggest opportunity is really to just do more – a bigger share of wallet with their customers, but, their pricing is so differentiated than our overall health system GPO customers that we haven't really looked at integrated offerings. And probably shouldn't really, because it's not – you're sort of mixing apples and oranges. But we are always mindful of, absent the whole Wells Fargo mess, we're always mindful of cross-selling and looking for those synergies with customers. So, appreciate the question on PharMEDium. Thanks.",1,2,1,1,1,1,2,2,1,2,2,2
"Okay. So, it’s safe to assume this whole credit crunch that happened, you didn’t see your commercial paper rates sky rocket or anything that was undesirable?","Not at all. Not at all, it was very, very consistent for the quarter.",2,2,2,2,2,2,2,1,1,2,2,1
"Maybe just starting off with Pixuvri, Jim. Can you talk a little bit about the sales force that you have in place? Is it optimal for Europe? And if not, how to best leverage? Is it just increasing the sales force, how do you best leverage forces out there to maximize the potential of revenues in Europe for 2013? And then just related to the previous question regarding PFS, just help me -- just remind me, I thought OS was decided as a prime [indiscernible] will no longer be used for [indiscernible].","I'll toss it over to Steve [indiscernible]. We currently have 19 people in the field. That includes 5 sales people, a country manager and an MSL in Germany, with 2 additional, what we call, key account managers, coming into Germany in the second week of March. We have a field complement that covers the Nordics and the Netherlands. And then we have a field complement in the U.K. And obviously, we wouldn't put people into territories where we don't have big access pricing. With respect to is it enough critical mass, the answer is this product is very promotionally sensitive. Salespeople, unlike in the U.S., is the #4 source of information for physicians in Europe that influences their treatment practices, coming right behind like journal ads and symposia. So they play a very important role. These are very advanced degree individuals, typically Ph.D.'s, Pharm D's or M.D.'s in the case of MSLs. And we have seen that as we have [indiscernible] into the field complement, because as you may recall, what we talked about in the fourth quarter, while we may have hired these folks under German law, for example, they need a 90-day waiting period before they can start and we work that into our timeline. So a lot of these folks have started out of the gate, January 1, and again, with some of the complement coming on in early March. So the answer is we think we have the right [indiscernible] with total by the end of the first quarter in the field. It doesn't include the 3 leadership positions that we have in terms of the General Manager, market access folks, et cetera. So from that perspective, again, when we say it's promotionally sensitive, we see that directly in terms of call frequency and then orders that come in behind that. Just one other note to give you a sense in Germany. In Germany, there's a process whereby the hospitals, when they're interested in the product, they can apply to the payers' systems, have it put on what would essentially be like formulary here in the U.S. Of the 2,000 hospitals in Germany, we targeted only the top 200 where the majority of the lymphoma patients are treated. And of those 200 hospitals, after seeing just a one-sheet product profile for Pixuvri, 146 of them applied to the regulatory agencies for formulary requests. So we're encouraged, we think we have the right complement now. And as sales start to ramp up, and importantly, when we get pricing decisions, then obviously, we'll implement the second half of the year, the additional sales personnel to try to make this a successful launch. Steve...",2,2,1,2,2,2,1,2,1,0,2,2
"Thanks very much. Good morning. I just want to go back, Steve, to your comment where you talked about different pricing strategy for specialty, and you have new long-term contracts now in place with a number of your customers. My understanding is that historically, it was a branded bucket, that specialty was included in a generic bucket, and now trying to break out specialty. Can you talk about what the new pricing strategy looks like? And am I correct in thinking that when it was in the branded budget, you were discounting that, similar to branded where maybe it's WAC minus 3%? And what could the new economics look like in the new separation of specialty?","Yeah, Lisa, I mean, I'd say essentially you're accurate on my commenting on the WAC minus 3%, but you're essentially accurate. I mean, we had such a good surge in generic compliance and generic rates that maybe our industry was not as thoughtful about this as we should. And then we had that really fall off and specialty products increase so much, which are very expensive. And there is an argument with the manufacturer, there's a lot of different elements when we look at the fee-for-service contracts, but when the unit prices are so high, it is a discussion about what the market-based fee-for-service is. We happen to think that there actually should be some headroom there because of the value of the services that we provide, which in difficult time, gets even more, we think, valuable and even more important to those manufacturers. So we worked hard. I think we called out this trend and we're working hard, and we'll continue to work hard to make sure that those specialty products that are such an important weighting mix within the portfolio of services that we provide, that those products are popular, and that there's a recognition that you're not going to get as high a fee-for-service. So it should be a differentiated brand markdown, to respond directly to your question.",2,2,2,2,2,2,2,0,1,0,0,0
"Question on your subscriber growth for the year. Understanding you're kind of 31% year-to-date, but your comp is much tougher in the fourth quarter of last year. So to get to that 30% for the year, you need to see a pretty dramatic acceleration or increase in the fourth quarter of '13. Just wondering how you're thinking about the subscriber additions in the fourth quarter of '13? And if you still think that 30% number is the right number for the full year?","Rich, we're still affirming our guidance for the year. I mean, the visibility we have into the fourth quarter so far looks promising. So 30% -- we're 31% now, 30% is probably a very reasonable number to hang your hat on, so to speak, for the full year. And the mix -- but what I've said in our comments is the mix over the course of ensuing quarters, that will change with higher ARPU. So you'll see the gap close between the growth rate in the subscription -- in the revenue, rather, and the recurring revenue and the subscription growth, both of which we expect to be very robust next year.",2,2,2,2,2,2,2,2,2,2,2,2
"That’s helpful, Mary. And if I could ask a follow-up around fundamentals, you’re clearly making some progress on gross margin, on expenses. But I guess as I look at same-store sales, a difficult first half of the year, can you talk a little about how you’re thinking about same-store sales progressing through the balance of the year and what you’ve been seeing so far in 3Q?","I’ll go first and then I’ll let Robyn go out. Just make a couple of quick comments. I think you’re right in your comments about what – the trends you’re currently seeing. It has been a rough first half of the year, and as we’ve said early on, we expect sales to start to stabilize and to see better trends in the back half of the year.For the full year we do still expect to be comping down though, and we’ve talked pretty extensively in the prepared remarks about all the initiatives that we have under way to help drive sales. I’ll let Robyn jump in and cover some of that.",2,1,1,2,2,2,2,0,2,0,2,2
Great. Thanks so much. Could you give us a sense of where lodging booking out relative to 2019 both in the second quarter and then what you're seeing in Q3 quarter-to-date? Thanks.,"Then, regards to Vrbo in particular, and we're not going to go into the detail, if you will, on the trends in Q2, but as you think about it going forward, the business continues to perform well you are excited that we're seeing terrific consumer engagements. And then one of the things that we are seeing is that they're continuing to be longer booking windows associated with Vrbo. And as we project forward into Q3 and beyond with those longer booking windows. Our hypothesis is, is that people have been exposed to the category and the category experience. They're looking to book again. They also saw compression that was occurring, particularly during the summer. So, people are going in and reserving the house that they want for whether it's the holiday season or even in into next year as well. So again, time will tell in Q3 and Q4 going forward what seasonality looks like in the state of the world that we're in. But we continue to see some really interesting trends from longer-dated bookings for Vrbo.",1,1,1,1,1,2,2,0,1,1,1,2
"Okay. And then, I guess, just to follow up here on the buy rate on some of your slides. You're saying the buy rate this year for SOC is only about 1%, which is significantly below where it was in '10, '11 and '12. Did something happen industry-wide? Or is it just dynamics of a single year?","Well, I think there's one factor that needs to be put in there. So yes, it's up this year from last year. It will be up 1%-plus. But the buy rate in the past had effect of some large microprocessor companies were buying significant commercial capacity. They tend, at this point, to move in-house. And so that was in the commercial market numbers in '10, '11, '12, and it's out of the commercial market numbers that you look at in '13, '14 and beyond. So if you -- and that could be on the order of several hundred million dollars of buying. So if you neutralize that effect of shifting from commercial to in-house, I think you would find it's back not quite to that 1.3% level, but it's getting back there.",2,2,2,2,2,2,2,2,1,2,2,1
I just have one quick question first on the pricing in Japan. When do you expect to hear feedback on your application? And is this price increase factored into your guidance?,"I think we should expect something as always in Japan I think within 90 days, if I am not mistaken. That's about the time period when the MOF has to come back with a decision. And to be very frank with you, that price in Japan, the price increase of a 10 yen on the – on these two brands, is not fully factored in our guidance. But let me remind you that if the prices are approved, they will go into the market in the later part of the year. And as you know, guidance has a number of variable components, and this will – we'll see how it unfolds. But factually this pricing is not in our guidance.",1,2,1,2,2,1,2,2,1,1,2,2
Good afternoon and congratulations. My question was on the resolution of the spring product issue. It seems like that’s clearly behind. But I was wondering if there was any impact whatsoever into the third quarter. And then how much chase or open-to-buy do you actually still have available to get to a higher comp similar to what you did in the third quarter? Thank you.,-,0,0,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1
"Thanks, JPMorgan. I want to follow up on the timing question, Neil. And reflecting back a few months ago, I guess, February, March time frame, you re-upped Steve's contract and added a three-year retention package, which frankly, was just kind of exchanging value for his option to leave around this time of the year, given the changes of control costs. So I just want to follow up and really understand the timing, and what's really changed versus six or seven months ago?","I think, as I said, it's really a coincidence. The contract discussions got started a while back, given the BC Partners investment and the change in control issued. They only got signed in the first quarter, so you're really looking at a time period there, where we've had almost nine to 10 months from the time the discussion started about changing the contract or renewing the contract with the effective event that we have this week. So it was just one of these things, where as I said earlier, there's never a good time to make a change. Both sides decided that it was appropriate at this point. And again, we want to say, it had nothing to do with the SEC issue. It was unfortunate that it's come out that way, but that's not the facts.",1,2,1,1,1,1,1,2,1,1,0,1
"Okay, understood. And then I think you mentioned $2 million in OpEx savings, any sort of guidance or the timing or the cadence of how that's going to roll through?","Yes. I would say that full run rate will begin essentially in Q1 of fiscal 2020 and we will get 1.5 month to 2 months of saving in this current quarter. And Chris, I guess, I'll go back to your question on weakness in the quarter.",2,2,2,2,2,1,1,1,1,2,2,1
"First, Tom, could you comment on unit pricing that you've seen in the last six months both in the Financial segment and the Payments segment and then what you see going forward in 2011?","The only thing I would say, David, is to some extent, as we see growing percentage over time, the notion of unit pricing is changing as we see bundles being a more predominant way to think about the pricing of the different solutions that are out there. But I would agree with Tom beyond that.",1,1,1,1,1,1,2,2,1,0,2,1
And the billings growth rate?,"And the billings growth. Billings, as I've said, for the last 9 years I've been here, I never forecast billings because it's hard to do. I wouldn't provide a forecast on sort of how it would relate to revenue.",1,1,0,1,1,1,2,0,2,1,2,1
"Got it. Okay. Thanks for that. And then I did want to follow-up on previous questions just regarding your guidance for next quarter and then for the year? As you said, a little bit different than you saw a quarter ago, but when I add the numbers the revenue I don’t think consensus for fiscal 2021 is going to change much. And you’re going to be looking at obviously, tougher comps at the back half when you had a really, really strong last September quarter. But it sounds like the setup for 2022, as Adam indicated is good. I guess my question is should we start thinking about a return to that 9% to 11% in revenue growth target, and in terms of margins, I know that in the past, when you’ve had some really big ramp ups quarter-to-quarter, there’s been some costs and some margin headwinds. So how should we think about growth versus the margin in the mix of the business?","Yes, I think maybe I’ll start with 2022 and then there’s a couple other topics I want to hit as well, but I mean, certainly, too early to talk about 2022 and give any sort of guide or color, but I think it’s setting up to be a really good year. When you look at the factors in the catalyst that I talked about earlier, I think that’s quite good. And I mean kind of backing up to 2021, I mean, I would say, well it’s not 9% to 12%, it doesn’t – it still sets up to be a pretty good year or a growth year from a revenue standpoint. But the EPS leverage, I mean, you start to do the math on that looks pretty good. So I think that’s a compelling story for fiscal 2021.",2,2,1,2,2,2,2,2,1,1,2,2
"And then can I ask about the SniqueAway opportunity? There's clearly been a kind of market proof of concept of group sales, flash sales, but there's an open question as whether that gets all verticalized, you should have a highly qualified customer base. How big do you think that opportunity is, and can you just walk through some of the simple economics of how you make money on SniqueAway?","Mark, I'd be happy to go through the opportunity as the business matures a little bit. I think in general, if you look at major platforms that have been introduced in the e-commerce space and in travel in general, the core of the introduction of a significant platform has been the opportunity for people to save money. Originally, when we came onto the scene, hotels.com was on the scene, we were offering merchant rates below rack rates. Then the Internet became the rack rate, so to speak. So opaque models got introduced. Priceline, the Hotwires of the world, the dynamic package business, which allow you to save money. Those were kind of, call it, a second leg of growth for the business. And I think that these flash sales, what you see going on now, these new retail concepts could be a third leg because again, they offer consumers a chance to save significant amounts. SniqueAway is kind of a toe in the water for us. It's being introduced with the Smarter Travel team inside of TripAdvisor, which is a terrific team. And we've introduced it to a small percentage of our email database, which is frankly huge database, really with inventory focused on the East Coast now. And then over the next months, we're going to expand the inventory to the south, to the west, et cetera and build the concept. Early results are very good. We're getting fan mail from our hotel partners, and consumers love it as well. So I'd say the early results are very good, but this is a long journey. It's a very new concept, and we're not ready to declare whether it's long-term, how large it's going to be or exactly what the opportunity is going to be.",1,1,1,1,1,2,2,2,2,2,2,1
Brett Rice - Janney Montgomery Scott,"Yes. I mean look we have to be careful. We don't, we can't, speculate speak on behalf of other parties right. There are public disclosures, press releases that deal with that particular dispute. And the dispute revolves around in alliance that the parties have agreed to about a year ago. And - and I don't know that I can say a lot more than that but I can tell you that there are some press releases out there that will tell you about the same thing.

You have proper - I think I do agree with the way you worded or the way you explained what you understand our position to be. We're taking a bit of a risk; it is the calculated risk because our - any actions that we may initiate on our side may have an effect that winds up reducing chances of succeeding in our two objectives which is getting paid in full, right and retaining the volume. Remember besides trying to give Core an opportunity to settle that dispute, there is something else going on, which is Core is trying to finish up their financing.

And so there are a lot of moving parts and it is a very fluid situation. I can tell you that I personally speak with the executive management at Core 1 to 2 times a week sometimes more frequently. And I can also say that up to this point the management at Core in my opinion is been very transparent with us and has been very co-operative in trying to - in understanding our issues as we start our work through this with them. Is that of help?",1,1,2,1,1,1,2,2,2,1,2,2
"Okay and then at a higher level, first on you guys made a decision to accelerate some investments, I think you highlighted here earlier in the call Germany, North America, Argentina, etcetera where is the decision point coming, what will be the factors that would cause you guys to perhaps accelerate some additional investments may be keeping up margins little lower in the back half of the year like you did in the first half of the year?","I think, Parry it is Greg here. As a team we've been making some investments in the acquisition front that are going to I think favorably work for us, clearly bringing better margins into the portfolio, it has been something that we've can conscientiously investing in over the last year or two to counter balance if you may the ongoing pressures in what I call the volume of commodity side of the portfolio. But that also brings with it to some extent some incremental cost because those are higher margins and usually slightly higher cost to build those revenues into the company. So I think those will be factors that will help us in the back half of the year and I think overall just improvements in our performance that we have got some of the first half of your challenges out of our way. We really do feel that most of the challenges that we were managing through Q3 or Q4 of last year going into the first half of this year are out of our way. So while the market is always interesting we have got most of the internal challenges out of our way right now which is good for us.",1,2,1,2,2,2,2,2,1,2,2,2
"A question and a follow-up question on the same topic. The main question is, can you give us a little bit more details on – it looks like the gross margins came in quite a bit more healthier or stronger than projected. Can you give us some details on that? And then I guess on the forward guidance, should we expect gross margins to be relatively stable as we progress through the year or is there some volatility or changes seasonally through your gross margins as we look at potentially coming into a better environment, Jure, that you’d mentioned?","But, Jim, if I can add to that. For us right now is just loading these plants with better product mix and expanding these businesses that allows us to make a little bit better margin. And I think as we grow, those businesses should help us to improve the margins. So that’s the focus.",2,2,2,2,2,2,2,2,0,1,2,0
Okay. Thank you for that. And then just one final quick question on iQOS. I just wanted to confirm that you're on track to file the two applications to the FDA in the fall of this year?,We're targeting to apply towards the end of this year. That's correct.,2,2,2,2,2,2,2,1,1,1,2,2
" Thanks. That's helpful. And related to eOne, Sony recently just signed deals with Netflix and Disney, were $3 billion combined, which is really unprecedented. And I know you recently signed output deals in the U.K.
in Ireland with Sky. But I was hoping to get your thoughts on that deal and the implications for eOne, just in terms of how you're thinking about investment in that business and potential for more output deals in the future."," Yes. Well, look, what's great about where we are is that eOne has historically been an organization that's been very effective in building incredible content in a risk-mitigated way and selling to a number of partners, great relationships across the board with the OTT platforms, from Netflix to Amazon to Apple to others. We have shows on the air with all of these different outlets and then, of course, as well as with broadcasters, terrestrial and satellite around the world. We continue to look at how we put Hasbro IP in the market.
There's a very strong demand for world-class IP, and Hasbro has great array of it. We're working, as I mentioned, on a number of brands, and we're starting to see the traction around brands like the MY LITTLE PONY, which we have talked about is on Netflix in September; TRANSFORMERS, new TV series going on another platforms; our film coming next year in partnership with Paramount. And then Power Rangers, and you'll hear more about it, but we've been developing that, and we expect shortly to be able to talk about the brand, new content for the brand that will go after a multitude of audiences that will be on a streaming platform. So again, a good position for the company, and we look at all of our opportunities.
But you're right, we've entered an era where there's really an unprecedented spending on content and an unprecedented desire for these great brands with great story, and eOne is expert at that.",2,2,2,2,2,2,2,1,2,2,2,2
"Okay, and maybe one last thing -- Craig, do you have any thoughts on the NBC as a cable network? That’s popped up into the whole set of discussions around NBC Universal and even if that would take years to unwind with affiliate relationships, it probably wouldn’t be viewed as a good trend for the largest NBC affiliate group operator. Is there any reality to that whole notion at all and how would you react?","You know, obviously we are not anywhere a part of those discussions but I think your conclusion, it probably wouldn’t be in the very best interest of us from the affiliate standpoint, but we’re just going to have to wait and see. There’s an awful lot going on in those discussions and time will tell and we will respond appropriately at that time.",1,1,2,1,1,1,2,0,2,0,2,1
"Hello, I have a question on the work in the North Sea that you are doing, it’s gone up nicely. What are the macro factors accounting for that?","I think in general over the last few years there has been sort of an increase in interest in what is potential with well intervention with regard to production enhancement. P&A is always been a driver, and historically has been the strongest driver and I think now actually production enhancement is starting to gain more and more popularity and therefore demand is growing. We have seen competition in the North Sea, but so far the demand is outpacing the new addition of supply, that’s basically plus our credibility in the North Sea in our leadership role makes us a – there was a period when the clients were looking around a little bit stronger at some of our competitors and I think there has been a revived and renewed interest in our well ops facility.",2,2,2,2,2,2,2,1,1,1,2,1
"Okay, Mike. And can you remind us the time between floor sweeps that you've seen historically? Is it still around 3 years and then should you not see the benefit of that at some point in '14 and '15?","I would say, on average, it gets more out to 4 or 5 years on floors sweeps. You might run into isolated situations where a customer wants to double their capacity on something that's only 3 years old, and in the coexistence, they want it all to operate at the latest performance levels and you might see that. But this lack of floor sweeps, at the same time, what's happening is it's helping our maintenance revenue growth, if you kind of look at the dynamics of what's happened over the past 3 or 4 years.",1,2,2,2,1,1,2,2,0,2,2,1
Okay. That's helpful. And then just one more on the Facility Solutions. You talked last quarter and this quarter about it becoming more competitive. Is that an area mostly retail or are there other -- any other areas that you see that same competitive outlook in 2019 where you -- and other areas you might be exiting other than retail?," Yeah. I would say what we're faced with is a lot of its retail and what we would characterize is smaller order type business. We generally don't want to be in the small order type business, that's where some of our other competitors play, but we did have some historical business in those spaces. And so, we've been identifying those markets and segments where we do have the greatest value proposition offer both in terms of our service capabilities, order metrics and our value-added consultative sell, and as well as markets where there is better growth dynamics and profitability dynamics. And retail is certainly illustrative of that in the US specifically and as well as there's bad debt risk in that space as well. And so we've just as we've looked at the trajectory on this market, we're making choices of where we really want to compete in terms of where we can get paid for the value that we bring that matches to our service metrics, which are also more in line with the same kind of service metrics we offer in our Packaging business, Packaging and Print business.",2,2,2,2,2,1,2,1,1,2,2,1
"Yes, thanks. I wanted to start off by digging into the Americas' results a little bit more. I mean, I guess, it sounds like you're putting some of the blame on development plans on behalf of your customers, going to EVs, autonomous. I guess, I feel like Europe is going through similar product changes over there, yet demand has been somewhat more consistent. So is it a difference in time lines? And more importantly, what's your visibility additional clarity on how long this impact might last?","Yes. Greg, that’s a good question. Definitely the Americas is challenging. We thought we'd see improvement through the quarter and we are not seeing that through the third quarter. Europe – the difference between the Americas and the Europe is: Europe, we have some programs that are going on that are helping to feed the pipeline; whereas, in the Americas, we were at the end of some programs at the end of last year and the newer programs really just started picking up and it keeping delayed from quarter-to-quarter.",2,2,1,2,1,1,1,1,2,1,2,1
"A couple related to Broadcasting first. Given that there's been an industry rollout in the broadcast sector, Belo -- and your Belo deal is certainly a big part of it, I'm wondering in terms of the overall environment, is there a sense of urgency, sort of make hay while the sun shines, or is it -- is there any more calm approach you can take before taking the next step of another acquisition perhaps in that area as you integrate Belo? And related -- sort of unrelated in Broadcasting, curious about the logic of your Captivate move. Did you take that as far as you thought you could on your own and you thought this was an additive issue? You might talk about that a moment.","Sure. With respect to the industry roll-up, I like to think we take a calm approach to everything. And there were lots of deals that were being done before Belo, and there will probably be lots of deals done after Belo. For us the Belo deal was a unique opportunity to expand into some incredibly great markets. Texas and the Pacific Northwest where, number one, we didn't have any exposure; number two, which were faster growing markets than the average in country. It enabled us to increase our scale in a very meaningful way to become the -- will allow us to become the #1 CBS affiliate group, reinforce our #1 status with NBC and become the fourth-largest affiliate group for ABC, where we had been nowhere with them before. So it had a lot of characteristics, a lot of great markets that we were interested in. And we believe that scale really does matter. And at this point with the Belo transaction, we'll be covering close to about 30% of the country. That's very good scale for us. Could we move some pieces around or do some other small things? Sure, but we don't feel any pressure to go out there and do a deal that doesn't make good financial sense and create shareholder value very quickly. With respect to Captivate, what we saw there -- we like our Captivate business very much, but I think what all of us have come to realize in the out-of-home space is that there's a need for some consolidation and there's a need for scale in that business as well. And we have a unique opportunity with Generation Partners to combine our assets with their ability and willingness to fund capital going forward, both from a capital expenditure standpoint, as well as potentially a roll-up strategy going forward, while we continue to have a piece of that business and enjoy the potential upside to that business, while getting some return on our investment to start with. So it just was a unique situation on an asset that we believe needs to be consolidated into a broader out-of-home play.",2,2,2,2,2,1,2,2,0,2,2,2
"Two questions, Jim. I just want to understand, you said you don’t have any updates on the automotive segment. I just wanted to find out what is the gating item there in terms of the adoption of these specialty glasses for the [unintelligible] applications. And then I have a follow up.","Well, it’s always hard to get your first customer. You know, we had hopes that we would get on a certain model. That has not turned out right now. But we’re still trying very hard. But this is a fairly revolutionary new product for the automotive industry, and it’s always hard to win your first one. So beyond that, I can’t say. I mean, we haven’t stopped trying.",1,1,2,1,1,1,2,1,1,1,2,1
"Some of the programs you’ve initiated, such as capacity control and the move to thinner glass are helping to improve gross margins. So I’m trying to get a sense of the sustainability of your efforts. Are we at a point of diminishing returns? Or are there further efforts to tactically improve gross margins? And conversely, are we at a point where you’re now getting the premiums or the early signs of premiums, particularly as it relates to Gorilla Glass and the new applications, such as NBT. Maybe if you could help us there, please.","Mark, I assume you’re talking about our corporate gross margin. And as you know, that’s always a combination of the mix of our various businesses. But what we like about our business hand right now is gross margins in telecom, specialty materials, life sciences, and environmental are actually improving. The corporate mix will obviously be dependent on the mix of the sales of those businesses, but the fact that all are improving leads me to believe that we have the potential to continue to move our year over year gross margins up. Obviously the most important thing for us remains display, and we must have moderate price declines. We had good price downward movement in Q2, being less than Q1. We’re expecting Q3 to be in a similar range, but we continue to believe there’s potential for price declines to moderate even further as the quarters unfold. So I would say we’re not running into diminishing returns in terms of sustaining gross margins. It’s premature for me to talk about the premiums on our new products.",2,2,2,2,2,2,2,1,1,1,2,1
"Very good. And moving on to Comcast, looks like they are pretty committed to MoCA, maybe some potential deployments in 2010. If they do deploy in 2010, when would you potentially have to start seeing some of that business?","Yes. We can't really comment specifically on unannounced cable MSO deployments. I think we have said generally, we expect in the second half cable to be a bigger growth driver in the overall MoCA business for us and cable operators typically go slow before they goes fast. Generally, within the cable MSO world, right now, we are seeing (inaudible) moving to kind of some soft marketing launches and then I think we will start seeing geographic launches within the next quarter across the cable MSOs. But early second half is where I think we have the potential to really see that as a bigger growth driver for us.",2,2,2,2,1,2,2,0,1,0,2,0
"Great. That's really helpful. Thanks, Patrick. And then just one another question around the comments that you made on the CSS technology, HDTV and then the fact that you have demonstrated compatibility between obviously your CSS solution and your MoCA solution, is that something that you think ends up being a hurdle for other eventual MoCA competitors or maybe is a better way think about that perhaps thinking that it's just another step being qualified, and that gives you some extra insurance I guess in the near term HDTV, any details on what your – what you can say there?","Yes. I mean, that is a really long-term barrier to entry to other MoCA suppliers. I think other MoCA suppliers will eventually be able to support portions of the DIRECTV deployment. Historically, at least, when DIRECTV launched a new set-top box platform, that platform stays around for a while. So, it's more of one when (inaudible) in the next landing zone from a design cycle is. So, I think we have got a good runway in front of us, well in basically every set-top box that has MoCA in it at DIRECTV for quite a while, although we are not starting a fight for kind of the next generation. So I don't really see it as a long-term barrier to entry. But the thing that is kind of interesting about us that kind of make your question when we think about this, is that there are opportunities outside of DIRECTV in the international markets where they are starting to move towards single wire technologies using CSS. And as those markets start to move towards multi-room DVR and HDTV, the MoCA-CSS combo has significant benefits in those other geographies. So kind of the system works that we have done allows us to fan out to additional opportunities over time. And the other thing that counts as a benefit there is all of the major set-top box manufacturers that support the DIRECTV deployment now have products that they can then start to socialize with other international satellite service providers using MoCA. So you get some leverage off of the tier one design into some of the other opportunities internationally. So I think all those things end up being pretty positive for both our CSS business and our MoCA business longer-term.",2,2,2,2,2,2,2,2,1,0,2,2
"One last on the Power/Vac, the transfer out of Iowa. In terms of, I know you made some comments about it, is that pretty much at a full operational point in Houston now relative to what GE was experiencing in Iowa? How does that compare at this point in time?","We completed moving all of the operations out of the GE facility around the end of February. Since the end of February, what we have been doing is fine-tuning and refining our own internal processes. That's what we're working on today. As we spoke earlier, I think we will have accomplished what we anticipated and set forth with the acquisition no later than the second quarter, which is at this point, weeks away.",2,2,2,2,2,2,2,1,1,2,2,2
"Two questions for you. Just first, did your businesses see any impact from the government shutdown, meaning exiting 3Q or 4Q to date?","I can say that there's been direct impact, and then there's probably the more indirect impact. For instance, we have a little business called Gannett Government Media. Obviously, that had a pretty chilling effect on that business. We own a television station here in Washington D.C. As you can appreciate, it serves the Northern Virginia, D.C. and Maryland areas. And those, I believe, were the states most impacted directly by the slowdown. As for a more global impact across our company, I've read a lot of pundits who have indicated that this is going to have some meaningful impact on the economy over the next period of time. We'll just going to see how that plays out. I think the important thing is going to be whether we just simply kick the can down the road and, therefore, we start up with the uncertainty again that causes businesses and consumers to be a bit chilled by what they see going on here in Washington D.C., or whether this can be a much more collaborative outcome that this company -- country I believe so richly deserves. That was my political thought for this morning.",2,2,2,2,2,0,2,0,0,1,0,0
" Okay. To get incremental heavy Canadian barrel to Patoka, would you, MPC, consider locking up line space all the way down from Alberta on one of the trunk lines coming down either Enbridge or maybe KXL...?"," Yeah, Chi. We don't think that there is going to be any sort of a problem in supplying a reverse Capline. Enbridge has numerous projects, for example, that will get completed in the not too distant future and we think that, that will certainly allow for supply into Capline. And not only that, I mean, the Keystone base system can be used in order to supply heavy Canadian into reverse Capline as well. So, we – again, we think there's plenty of opportunities to move the heavy Canadian down Capline.",1,2,1,1,1,2,2,2,1,2,2,2
"And then is there any – yes, good. Is there anything in the change in the administration in Washington D.C. that changes anything for you?","Sure. I mean, from a tax perspective, Paul, we’re watching it closely. Obviously, there’s been discussion around increasing the corporate rate and also, the offshore earnings tax rate, which would impact us, but we’d want to understand if there’s any potential credits that could mitigate some of that increase. Our tax team is closely monitoring it. So, we’ll just have to see where it falls in that priority with the new administration.",2,2,2,2,2,1,2,0,1,2,2,1
"Do you have happen to have handy or off top of your head, when you look at the regions like the Southeast, which admittedly has been slower in acceptance, what that is as a percentage of your Southeastern sales, say, three to four years ago where it is today or is there maybe even a growth rate associated with that region, just to give a perspective on growth?","Not handy. No. We can try and look forward to having some of that information in the future, but that's not something we've done in the past.
",0,0,2,0,0,0,1,1,1,1,1,1
"Just a quick question. First on, can you just help us understand how much payments margins are being impacted collectively by the investments in some of the newer initiatives?","The other thing that we have going on is in that segment, you tend to have longer implementation cycles, bigger institutions, bigger projects, which also tends to get your expenses a little bit ahead of revenue because of how -- as Tom mentioned, we tend to have things run through the P&L.",1,1,1,1,1,1,2,0,1,0,2,1
"It's Anthony Chukumba with BB&T Capital Markets. Not to sort of beat a dead horse here, but more interested in Steve's departure just in respect of what role did BC partners play, I guess,in the mutual decision? And then just a follow-up, what role would BC Partners play in the selection of the new CEO?","BC Partners is on the board. They had the same votes, if I might want to call it vote, because we never voted as such, as all the other board members. So they did not play any role other than as a board member. And they're good board members. This was not a BC Partners issue at all. In terms of the search process, there are five board members on the search committee and Jamie Rubin of BC Partners will be one of the five.",2,2,2,2,2,1,2,1,1,1,2,1
"Okay. And then when will the SEC charge be finalized, you have an estimate for that?","Don't have an estimate. We have... as we've said in our July 2 notice on this, we've been in discussions with the SEC, we believe we've assessed the right figure and impact that this should have on the Company. It's up to them to come back to us in the coming months and that's really something that's not under our schedule. It's really determined by their pace of workload and everything else and case load that they have. So we're sitting on the sideline and we have done everything we feel that we can at this stage.",1,0,2,1,1,1,2,2,1,0,2,1
"Okay, and just lastly regarding Asia, do you still have a strong presence in the components, and processors, and other PC components, and how is that business doing?","We do. It's doing well in probably the countries like China and India where there is still a fairly large wide box market, but I would say more of our growth is coming from finished systems whether that's laptops who have become very competitive on a worldwide level from the major OEM's or in networking, even software is starting to grow at healthier pace than we would have seen a few years ago as more, and more companies comfortable with buying software as opposed to coping it. So there are a number of facets that are helping us in that regard through the region.",2,2,1,2,2,2,2,2,1,2,2,2
"Thanks. Good afternoon. Sorry, if I missed it, but just any thoughts on where you’d expect inventory to end the year and then any color on the long-term merchant mark-- merch mark opportunity from here? Thanks.","In terms of inventory for the year, I mean, I think, we’ll continue to operate the business at slightly down and I don’t think that our expectation would change for year-end inventories.",2,2,2,2,2,2,2,1,1,1,2,1
"And Greg mentioned, Greg Levin, mentioned the testing on the third-party delivery, you know, trying some different things that maybe haven't had as much traction to date. Is that something that you're planning to continue or are there changes coming there as well to maybe improve that--","Thanks for asking that question, Nick, because this is -- obviously, in general, this growth in on-premise and third-party delivery is still new to everyone, right, including -- including ourselves although we were in there a little earlier than a number of folks. And it's -- it's changing rapidly just by virtue of its growth rate and we look at the promotion efficacy of some things that we ran a year ago versus today. There are a lot more competitors and attendees in the third-party delivery order platform. So when they're running and we're participating in certain promotions, it's -- it's more difficult to stand out and they're just not as incremental, frankly, as what they were even a year ago.So we're working with third-party partners and putting, you know, Kevin's teams creative hats on to look for ways where we can stand out and differentiate more than just the standard offers. And -- and, you know, it's going to take some -- some trial and error but I think we're not going to -- you know, we're not going to spend our way to buying sales at levels that we don't think really make margin sense either. So, if that's going to take some trial and error to -- to find that right balance and what we highlighted is -- that some of the softness that we're seeing, and this is national, that it is a slowdown. Now, when I say slowdown we're still in healthy double-digit growth rates here so, just be -- to be clear about that. But given the high growth rate that we've been seeing, part of the impact -- you know, it has impacted comps a bit when that rate has slowed down a bit as we've lapsed some of the offers of a year ago that worked really well.",2,1,2,1,1,1,2,2,2,0,2,0
"I mean, I may have missed it, but is that driving the margin drop down and the payments year-over-year, payments margin?
","Yes, that's correct. That's been going on all year end, and that's really where a lot of our investment as a company is focused. And Darrin, I think earlier I addressed this question, but the issue around most of our growth comes through headcount, which is expensed. And if you look back, we were investing in seven or eight or nine different things here that are very critical to us and will help our growth rate as we get into '11 and '12 and '13. So they're critical things, and we're very excited about.",2,2,1,2,2,2,2,0,1,2,2,2
"And then just based on the stock buyback you did in the quarter, I would have expected a larger decrease in the share count. Should we expect some of that to show up in Q3, or were there some offsets?","Well, remember the stock buyback didn’t start until later in the quarter. We didn’t make the announcement until the end of at least one month had gone by.",2,2,2,1,2,1,1,1,1,1,1,1
"Now, that's fair. I guess maybe following up on a comment you made earlier about Asia Pac and the double-digit decline that you saw in China and Japan; can you give us any color on the verticals where you really saw weakness?","Well, the large project spending in China was definitely soft, at least - our billings to large projects in the first quarter was definitely soft. The economy over there still has a lot of activity, so it's not like it looks like its dead, but there was a lot of capacity put in place. So I think that's just going to be a little bit challenging here, as it really has been, for them to use up that capacity with more production before they really need to start putting more CapEx in place. Automotive sales over there are still okay, but they did build capacity to build a lot of vehicles. So we got to watch that. And ship building and aluminum profiles. And aluminum profiles are a big business for us and our powder business in China. And that is making trim and things that are used in the construction market. So as we see some domestic construction slowdown due to the big build in. In China that business is impacted as well. So yes, I think we just have to have a little bit of patience there. But again, we are anticipating overall in Asia Pacific that we are going to have a much better finish to the year than we had start and that we are going to put up a positive organic growth number.",2,2,2,2,2,1,2,2,2,1,2,2
"I guess on the topic of margins, I mean, you put up a nice margin expansion, 70 basis points over last year. And I think that was on revenue growth of about 1.5%. When we consider your guidance of 3% to 4%, and we also note that about 60% of your revenues are transaction processing-driven, like you said, scalable. I mean, I would have expected to see more than 50 basis points margin upside just given the revenue pick up. So that's I guess why I'm trying to figure out, understanding why it wouldn't be more than 50 basis points. Is it just because of the payments growth initiatives?","Darrin, I would say first of all, and this maybe how we talk about this, I would accentuate the 'at least' part of that. You said at least 50 basis points. We're not saying nor are we saying it will be 50. Try to have me say that again. It's just kind of our normal guidance, we've now just adopted it. So it's at least 50 basis points. So I would not necessarily use 50 basis points as the right answer.",1,1,1,1,1,1,2,0,0,0,2,0
"Yeah. Obviously, there are constraints, right? But I don't know that we concise those at this point, right? There's a lot of movement to better.",That doesn't matter because we have constraint.,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,0,1,2,0,1
"Got it and per the press release, you said that the change from baseline was -- the magnitude of change from baseline and benefit from baseline in the active group was around what you expected, is that correct?
","Yes, give or take is what we expected.
",2,2,2,2,2,2,2,2,1,1,2,2
"Just a quick follow-up on that so if the -- do you think we're going to see the other let's call the new generation of vendors, do you think they are seeing the same thing or do you think that this is somewhat Nimble specific because of your pull back on spending?","I think the place where the competitive intensity was particularly high was in the larger deals segment that’s become a larger part of our mix. So large deals are becoming a greater part of our mix every quarter and that's where we saw very aggressive competitive intensity from the large incumbents. To go one step further the frequency with which we compete against, let's say, younger companies, has been increasing by about one, two percentage points every quarter. And actually our win rates against those remain very consistent. So depending on the individual start up, I suspect they are seeing different competitive responses depending on whether they are competing on the high end or not.",1,2,1,2,1,1,1,2,1,2,2,1
"So you really consumed around $400,000 in cash, is what you’re saying?

","Well right now we’re operating within a couple of $100,000 of breakeven and so if we continue to operate at a similar level I would not expect significant cash consumption. It should be similar to that.

",1,2,2,2,1,2,0,2,1,2,2,1
"Yeah, thanks a lot. A couple of questions. Maybe just one for Eric. If I look into the deferred merchant bookings, we're up 25% versus 2019 % versus 2019. Could you just maybe help us understand the gap there? What does -- any differences in the 2 numbers? And then I have a quick follow-up, maybe just on the simplification of the business. Are there other opportunities that you see on the to simplify the business further?","Thanks, Eric. And I'll just add now that in terms of continue to simplify, I don't think that we expect many more sales or mergers or those kinds of simplifications. But there continue to be opportunities for us to simplify how we do business and I think what I referenced about some of our new leadership, The opportunity to simplify how our brands work together. What we're doing on the technology side. We believe we'll continue to unlock opportunities for us but it's not as simplistic, perhaps as a sale of the business or something like that. Don't think there are many of those ones.",1,1,1,1,1,1,2,0,0,1,1,1
"And maybe on a positive note for a change, the TEG opportunity, I guess the growth kind of surprised us. Could you talk a little bit about the opportunity you see there and where you see the opportunity going in the future?","Sure. And I am not sure why TEG surprises you. It’s been a double-digit growth driver for us all along. It’s performed extremely well. We've said that we continue to expect that to accelerate. We invested there, those investments are paying off. But importantly and you will see at our May investor conference we’re going to be introducing our next generation TEG technology. The biggest complaints that we’ve had about the device even in the growth we recognized has been in its ease-of-use and our next generation device will absolutely address many of those factors that our customers have asked us to address. It's a very different device focused on cartridge versus reagents, focused on drops of blood versus vials of blood. It's a device that has a much reduced need for calibration versus the existing technology today. So there's a number of things there and we will highlight that device at the May investor conference. That's awful difficult for me to talk features and benefits on a phone call versus what you'll see at our investor conference when you get the opportunity to feel it, taste it, touch it, smell it, do all the things you want to do with that device.",2,2,2,2,2,2,1,0,2,0,0,1
"And then just two other quick ones. For you Chris, and I will just quickly ask them then you can answer. For you Chris, just I want to make sure I understand the free cash flow generation that you are looking for ‘15 and ‘16 and then how much you will be offsetting by VCC spending. And really where I am going with this is I am trying to understand what your usable free cash flow or available free cash flow is for other activities over the next two years and your capital allocation sort of objectives what that is. And then I don't know if I missed this but the whole blood revenues that you are actually expecting for fiscal ‘15 and how much share repurchase is actually incorporated into your guidance.","But as part of that, Larry, what would say is we’re committed to spending about $160 million in our VCC initiatives, so you can do the math in terms of what will be left after what we spent in fiscal ‘14 and ’15. So you will see that it’s reduced significantly, sorry Chris.",2,2,1,2,2,1,2,0,0,2,1,1
"Right, that’s understandable. And may be one last one. I was wondering if you’ve seen any significant orders subsequent to quarter end, listened of Norfolk Southern’s capital budget plans in their commentary for 2013. It sounds like they could be in the market for some new coal cars so I’m just wondering is that an opportunity at some point or if that could be reflected in the current – that’s reflected in the current backlog?","Now, there is a number of opportunities I think that Ted talked about there is a lot of enquiries out there for a lot of different car types. At this point there is nothing subsequent to year end that we’re ready to discuss.",1,1,1,1,1,1,2,1,1,1,2,1
"About 3%, okay, great. And I’m wondering if there was any year-over-year increase in incentive compensation either driving that 20 basis points of gross margin deleverage or in your SG&A. And then lastly, Barbara, I apologize if I didn’t hear this directly, but could you just comment on the apparel execution in the women’s business? I think on the August earnings call you had mentioned, you’ve made a great deal of progress in the second quarter, but you weren’t entirely happy yet. I’m just wondering if you can just update us on the progress there. Thanks.","Kimberly, on the incentive costs, yes, on both gross margin and SG&A. In our notes we mentioned that buying expenses were 20 basis points higher than last year and that was mainly from higher incentive costs given the outperformance during the quarter.",2,2,2,2,2,2,2,1,1,2,2,1
"And then the high tax rate in the quarter that clipped you for $0.02, when did you sort of know that, I guess, is the question? I mean, is it fair to say that, that was unexpected by you guys? It certainly was by me?","Yes, it's fairly -- I mean, we had an item there that was associated with our equity investment, which was fairly unusual. It's a noncash item, Greg. So again, it has nothing to do with what we're ultimately going to pay in taxes. And it just was a FASB 109 requirement, so recorded that. It was offset a little bit by the R&D tax credit, but it's about $0.02 negative impact in the quarter for those two items.",2,2,2,2,2,1,2,2,0,2,2,0
"Okay. And then are you experiencing more mobile competition that could impact that business? I know there continues to be some new entrants in the space from time to time. Were you pressured to do more aggressive promotions there, which may have impacted mobile margins because of more competition in the space? Or were you just doing them to kind of drive share gains?","Yes, absolutely. I think the #1 issue that we continue to face is awareness of that. So new entrants actually drive awareness of the overall business, and that's a very positive thing for GameStop. So we did not see an increased amount of discounting in that. We did -- as Rob mentioned earlier, we were very aggressive on the trade side of the business. But we see it as a very complementary business. We see it does bring in some new customers, but a lot of the customers that do come in and buy mobile are the same customers that are coming in. Obviously, we wanted to build inventory for the large amount of holiday traffic that we expect as we sell a lot of new consoles this holiday season. So we feel like we're well poised for that.",2,2,1,2,1,2,2,2,1,2,2,1
"Yes, yes, understood. I'm just trying to make it work with the $20 million midpoint. And if you put sort of $7 million-ish of hardware in there to get you to that 8%-ish, it doesn't -- not a ton of sequential growth in subscription, but I got you. Okay, but...","Yes, Rich, if we get this out, I think right now, the -- it's -- the lower end is 6%, right, not 7%. If it's 8%, it should be -- it should come around 6%. Maybe we didn't do our math right, but it should be 6%...

",1,2,1,1,1,1,2,2,1,1,1,0
"Yeah, thank you, for taking my question. I just want to get a quick update – answer, that you said earlier in your presentation, Charles, you said that you were working to improve your inventory and manage the components supply chain better. Can you exactly tell us what processes you're putting in place to make sure that in the future, you do a better job at managing this? Thank you?","Okay. Basically, in (Inaudible) is kind of almost never happened before a bigger price up and down in our five months time frame so from there we already enhanced our relationship with our hard drive and as well as memory company the relationship, so now we have a much better high level relationship and have some contracts signed. And we today, we've also dedicated a position inside the company now to watch those market change and those vendors policy (Inaudible).",2,2,2,2,1,2,2,2,1,2,2,2
" Because early on, you said the year or fiscal year is very lumpy, which I understand, customer concentration. But the year has progressed in line with what you were expecting in January. But when I look at your shipment guide, even for December, even if I put in more than $800 million, it would give me calendar year shipment down 3%. So either you're saying or suggesting that WFE is going to decline by more than 5%? Or is that just an anomaly?"," I'll let Bren take the year, but we're looking out at FY '15 press, whereas we're referring to as opposed to calendar '15, which is the next 4 quarters. But again, Bren can address calendar '14.",1,1,1,1,1,1,2,2,1,1,2,1
"Good morning everyone. Maureen, I had a question on the free cash flow. If you look at where you were in fiscal '15 and what you're guiding to the fiscal '16, you've got a number of puts and takes there, kind of one-time items. What is the more normalized free cash flow level that we should expect for the business going forward, now that Ed Tech is not part of the mix? And then on a related note, where should we expect cash -- your ending cash balance to be at the end of fiscal '16? Thanks.","Okay. So Drew, as far as our ongoing cash flow, the transaction-related fees are 20 million, that's a one-time item, and the 10 million of Ed Tech cash flow contribution, well, that will be out of our numbers. So I think you can expect going forward that our cash flow would be very similar to our historical levels, but 10 million less for Ed Tech.",2,2,2,2,2,1,2,2,1,1,2,1
"Well, I was just wondering if you have any or what the contingency plans are, supposing the data does not live up to expectations, supposing you have to increase your trial size, I mean, how does that plan or play out in terms of licensing the product?","I understand. Well, first of all, we will look at the data and understand a lot about it, when Mark has the chance to get the full analysis from the outside vendor. So, there are many different ways that data could come out, certainly if for some unexpected reason, it was clearly negative and there was evidence of a futility here and we would stop the trial as you know GenVec has substantial efforts in other areas. Well funded programs in the areas of vaccine development primarily but also we have other important programs. So, I think we are in a fortunate position compared to many companies in which the technology is broadly ample. So, we are not just focused on TNFerade as it relates to the future but the pipeline, which is driven by the vaccine programs, Doug, actually highlighted couple of important points. One, is the RSV and the HSV-2 program, which we will notice as the company is beginning to build through outside funding, proprietary programs which could also drive the value of the company.",1,2,2,1,1,1,2,2,0,1,2,1
" I'm just trying to understand the thought behind the forecasting because in January, you were saying that foundry is going to be weak, but then 3D NAND is going to be very strong. And back then, you were saying that June quarter, you should be able to do around $750 million, $800 million of shipment. That has entirely changed. And now you're saying there's a big turn coming in December. So I'm just wondering what gives the confidence that these turns or these pauses don't change or is -- are you -- are we setting ourselves up for more disappointment down the road?","And Mehdi, to your point, and you've made this point in the past as I recall, our inability to forecast short term. It is -- I made the comment earlier on the call. It is interesting, when I look back, we actually have done -- certainly, internally when we plan out the year, we've actually done a pretty good job of forecasting on an annualized basis. But what is interesting also is it's usually not exactly how we thought it would happen. So if I look at the fiscal year that just ended, our booking's target for the year and what we ended up achieving internally is very close to what we have modeled and process control intensity was very close, and we actually had some strength in share. But when you go back and look at the specific customers in the mix, it wasn't necessarily at all what we thought. So it came from different regions, it came from different customers, it came from different -- sometimes even different products. So I would say, we're better over the longer term and more on an annualized basis than we are on a quarterly basis. And even to your point, things move and have moved quite a bit during this calendar year. And to your point, it's pretty likely that they'll move again based on this history. So we're -- we pointed out at SEMICON West, it's very hard for us to predict WFE, so we base our business on what we think in terms of share and adoption and how we can drive process control intensity and try to be flexible to handle the normal gyrations we see in the customer base. But we have consistently proven your point, we're not great at forecasting certainly over a 3-month period.
",1,1,1,1,1,1,2,2,2,2,2,2
"And is there ever any hope of having an open annual shareholders meeting, in person?","We are considering how to best address the questions that individual, as you put it civilian investors have. That's under some discussion, and I hope to have some things to talk about, at some point in the future. But yes, the answer is that is being -- there are a variety of different initiatives under way to help address some of the questions and types of comments that you've had today.",1,1,1,1,1,2,2,2,1,1,2,1
"And I guess what I'm trying to get at is, is this kind of new way of kind of targeting consumers like the return that you see from what you've done like -- can you just give us any kind of understanding, because one thing I'm noticing across the entire CPG landscape is companies are spending more money, but they're spending more money on the same message and in fact new consumers are being recruited, usage occasions are changing, and so it really requires a change in how you talk to those consumers. And so, I find this Google partnership incredibly compelling for you guys. So, I'm just trying to get better context on how it's changing the return profile of your spend? If you can provide any context on that.","So, we have a continuous focus on optimizing media and the returns on our media. We always have, we've had strong media ROIs forever and our challenge is, how do we keep making them better and then we continuously optimize based on that. So right now, it's a big spend area for us. So it's an area we're very focused on elevating and it is about making sure right now, I would say some of the biggest opportunity is that opportunity of even more precise targeting and then once you have that target, the ability to alter the message.
So -- and then we alter our media mix accordingly. And I would say we see significant movement in that mix on a year-to-year basis, as we get better at that. I think we've raised some of the opportunities of how we've gone just very deep relative to specific seasons, whether it's S'mores by zip code or whether it's specific holidays and looking at sell-through at a store level basis to be able to dial-up media on a zip code level basis. So you'll continue to see more of that, frankly that's just becoming a way of how we operate now.",2,2,2,2,2,2,2,1,1,1,2,1
"Thank you. Your comments on the liso-cel PDUFA extension reflected no real concern whatsoever. And it's one of the four new launches you called out for this year. It seems you are completely comfortable with the FDA meeting the regulatory timeline. I just want to make sure that that's the impression you wish to convey to us? And then secondly, it was stated that the COVID-19 could lead to inventory destock and a drop in patient visits to infusion centers in the second quarter as well as beyond that. I'm just curious, what was the decline in these metrics during the month of April? Thank you.","And just on the question around the stocking that we saw. So as we entered the pandemic situation in February and March, what we saw was across the board, we saw safety stocks increasing so we saw wholesalers, making sure they had increased inventory. We also saw that pharmacies had extra safety stock. And then we installed with patients getting longer scripts, as we talked about it. Revlimid was an example doubling the number of days that they could get. We are starting to see some of that destocking come out. And we anticipate, as I said earlier that the majority of that will come out in Q2. So of the $500 million that we talked about, majority of that come out in Q2, and then we'll see it coming out to in Q3 remainder is what we're anticipating. As far as what we're seeing on the new patient started early days. What we're seeing there, but we did see some of those new Rxs declining 10% to 20%, depending upon them. And we'll be watching that very closely in the second quarter, and we'll update you on that. And then on the infusion center, similar, that we're seeing in that 10% to 20% range as well, fewer patients. So again, that's something that we're going to keep an eye on in the second quarter as well. Chris, I don't know, if there's anything that you wanted to add to that.",1,1,1,1,1,1,2,2,0,1,0,1
"If I could follow up on the technology trend comments, if you look at your disc space backup portfolio and specifically maybe digging in to data deduplication, can you help us understand how rapidly you’re seeing that develop in the market? If there’s any way of quantifying things as a percentage of your disc business that you might see being in the area of deduplication relative to the last couple of quarters?","What I would say is continuing momentum around deduplication, I think that it’s still evolving. The vendor positions are still evolving. There are a couple of vendors that have some clear momentum, there are others that are trying to get in to the game so this is clearly not an established or mature market by any means. I don’t have numbers that say what our total disc business is but it’s certainly growing at a pretty good clip. But, I would still say it’s a fairly small percent of our overall disc business. So, still some significant upside in that part of the market and that is one of the technology drivers that Charlie alluded to that’s driving opportunities for customer deals.",2,2,2,1,1,2,2,0,1,1,2,1
"No. I think it's a good starting point. I guess it's a process that we all have to go through. The other quick question, like last year, Asia was kind of a little bit of an issue, more macro related. I saw it coming back in Q1 a little bit with 4% constant currency. Can you talk a little bit about the trends there?","Yes. In international, first of all, the one thing I want to point out is the EMEA side, and you saw the results, they were up 10% and 8% in constant currency. So that part of the business is performing okay. There's always room for improvement. On the Asia side, basically, what you saw in the numbers is Japan remains a headwind. We're making improvements there and Japan did grow a little bit in constant currency in the first quarter. And Japan made improvements last year, but it's such a big part of the revenue in Asia-Pacific, if we don't have that growing meaningfully, it's hard for Asia-Pacific, in aggregate, to grow. China was flattish in the first quarter, but I would call it just more of a timing thing. And then outside of Japan and China, South Pacific and Southeast Asia in constant currency grew double digits, and by that, I don't mean low-double digits, it was more in the high teens and 20. So that's kind of a picture of what's going on in Asia-Pacific.",2,2,1,1,2,1,2,2,1,2,2,1
" Sorry, I was clearing my throat. Good morning. How is everybody doing? Gary, the comment in the release about the after-tax proceeds from the drop, can you give us an idea of what you think the cost basis of the drop next year would be assuming the $1 billion gets done?"," Doug, it's Tim. We had said even on the announcements in January that using a roughly – sort of 20% tax rate on the drops was probably appropriate. I'm not sure we guide any differently at this point. So you can think about it in those terms, somewhere between there and sort of statutory. So that's probably the range.",2,2,1,2,2,1,2,2,1,0,2,2
"Makes sense. And then Stephen if we look at the balance sheet you guys have $260 million of cash. You've done a number of smaller deals here one divestiture. You're clearly spending right now to build out manufacturing, but curious how if at all your M&A appetite has evolved over the last few months. And if anything in the funnel is perhaps more actionable today than it was coming into this year. Thanks.","Yeah. We continue to look for attractive opportunities to leverage our balance sheet. I think that our business circumstances have certainly changed with the COVID-19 opportunities. And it remains our objective to look at acquiring companies products technologies that are accretive to our overall growth strategy. But as we look ahead to 2021 and 2022, the growth is going to be, I think, fairly enormous at current course and speed. And so we'll be adjusting our expectations of business development and the size and types of deals accordingly. But the pipeline has been robust, I think, as you suggested both with our own outreach and inbound interest from potential prospects, and we'll continue to look at that. Our balance sheet, I think is stellar. No debt at all on the balance sheet. And I think that will lead us to some interesting opportunities in the very near future.",2,2,2,2,2,2,2,2,1,2,2,2
"And maybe related to SOLX, can you give us a sense of when you think you can leverage SOLX internationally?","Well, Ray, it’s going to be the same story as the U.S. market that the U.S. approval will give us access to the OUS market in ’16 and beyond. And – but it’s really dependent on getting the product approved with our own filter.",2,2,1,2,1,2,2,0,1,2,2,1
"Just a follow-up on some previous questions. As we think about seasonality for modeling next year and give -- so can you comment on whether there's supply issues might really hit more sort of the first quarter and the overall seasonality next year, should we think about a normal year or perhaps a little more back-end loaded?","Glenn, again, we're -- my answer on the supply really relates to Q4, which is what we're most keen on locking in. We're still kind of working with our suppliers relative to whether there's any impact on Q1 and we can't really give you an answer, positive or negative, right now to that effect. We're not seeing any alarm bells. We just haven't finished all our analysis with our suppliers on Q1 yet for supply. And then, again, as Joe said, 2012, we want to give you a little bit of color today because there's been a lot of questions just in terms of which direction we think IT spending is going to go. We've given you a view of a direction. And then, really, apart from that, we really want to keep our comments on everything else to do with 2012 until we get together again in January when we'll give you a lot more color on what we're seeing out there.",1,1,1,1,1,1,1,2,2,0,2,2
"Okay. And your inventories per store were actually down despite a really strong comp. I was wondering if you could talk about, we’ve seen inventories down significantly at a number of department stores. How would you characterize the buying environment or the availability of product and also the driver of your own inventory reductions per store with the strong comp?","In terms of availability, it’s pretty broad-based and spread through all the markets. There’s been obviously a lot of availability, despite the fact that department stores have kept their inventory basis in line. There is definitely more goods out in market at this moment.",2,2,1,2,2,1,2,1,1,2,2,1
"Thanks. Thanks for that color. And by the way, yes, I think you gave some good color on how we should be thinking about the second half of the year. but yes, I wanted to go to that target that you’re talking about for revenue of 9% to 12% growth. And clearly, last year was impacted unquestionably by COVID and this year you’ve got some moving parts as well. but I’m trying to get a sense, what’s giving you that confidence about that 9% to 12% revenue growth. It sounds like, it’s the – the wins that are coming in, it’s a question of when do you potentially see that conversion? It’s obviously not going to, I think, happen this year?","Yes. So, I think, Jim, you’re right on with your assessment about this year is that the 9% to 12% would be difficult in this year and kind of the way I’ve characterized it in the release and in the script here is that. if you do the math, it wouldn’t add up to the 9% to 12%, but there’s a number of things that give us confidence that 9% to 12% is a realistic and very achievable goal. And first of all, if we look backward looking over the period of 18% to 20%, we were at 10%. So, our sectors in our markets have shown that they can support that level of growth. Then, if we look – and that includes last year with the pandemic in that number as well, I know as we go through our planning process and we do a bit of a bottoms-up planning our teams again, their results support our revenue growth goals, but there’s really four factors that I think serve as catalyst for us as we go into – go through fiscal 2021 and into fiscal 2022. First of all, we have the margin expansion and the sustainable margin expansion, which I think we’re doing a nice job of showing that that’s very achievable. Second, we’ve got the recovery of elective - of medical equipment used for elective procedures, and we’re starting to see that a hint of a sign of that right now. but I wouldn’t say it’s a recovery by any means. So, there’s great opportunity with that as we move forward. And there’s also the increase in demand that we expect to see from commercial aerospace as we see travel upticks post the COVID vaccine rollout. So that may be an early 2022 type event is what we’re expecting. And then we have the new program ramps and you saw the win success that we’ve had over $1 billion trailing four quarter funnel that we have. We’ve talked about some of the exciting new programs that have been long-term ramps within our Healthcare/Life Sciences sector. These all come to fruition in the F22-ish type timeframe here. So, we’ve got a number of catalysts that are looking really good for us as we get beyond or get – go through fiscal 2021 and get into fiscal 2022.",2,2,2,2,2,2,2,2,1,2,2,2
Is there a structural reason why you need to maintain with AT&T from a technology perspective?,"Well from a technology point of view as you know, Verizon is on CDMA and we’ve shown from the beginning of the iPhone to focus on one phone for the whole of the world and when you do that, you really go down the GSM root, because CDMA is – doesn’t really have a life to it after a point in time.",2,2,2,2,2,2,2,2,1,2,2,2
"Tim, could you also comment on your thinking about expanding iPhone adoption. Recently when – you have said that one area where you are spending a lot of time is thinking about how to increase the adoption of the iPhone and you have been thinking a lot about elasticity. One comment that it struck me was that you were surprised by from your research at the elasticity that you thought was associated with the price of the device. Can you update me on your thinking or what you have learned about iPhone elasticity, now a quarter or later?","Well, yes, we had a very good quarter in the March quarter. With actually a very small sequential declines for holiday quarter which was far above what our expectations were, so we’re very pleased with how we did. We also announced 3.0 or previewed it developers so that they could begin to change their apps, introduce more apps for the phone, which we believe increases the ecosystem and increases the number of people that want and will buy phone it’s even more. And so we’re very focused on the products side. We’re very focused on the App Store. There we are also focused on geographic rollouts. We spent time this quarter on the Middle East and Asia and rolled up Saudi Arabia, UAE, Indonesia, Malaysia, Thailand to name a few and we’re obviously focused on more in the future. And so between those the product plans that we’ve got in the App Store and the software that you have seen and then things I can’t talk about, we have a plan that we believe continues to make us the leader in the space, continues to keep us years ahead of others and one of the things that we will make sure is that we don’t leave a price umbrella for people.",1,0,1,1,1,1,2,2,0,2,2,2
"Yes, thank you. Just a couple of questions. Dr. Paul, do you have any sense of whether or not the book in trends here which obviously are weak to book-to-bill as weak as it’s spending a couple of years, is your sense that bookings are starting to bottom out here, and do you get a sense that revenues could bottom out here or could it take another quarter into the March quarter for this correction to play out?","Well Matt, what we have seen is a kind of a turn around since the beginning of October so orders in absolute numbers come back and get stronger which also means something of course for book-to-bill ration. Really, September, my appreciation was a low point. Future will tell of course, but as we see a continued trend, still relatively weak order rates, but definitely better than they were in September. So which degree this will continue to be? Hard to say. But I think personally, that unless the world economy offers another surprise, the worst may be over.",2,2,2,2,2,2,2,1,1,2,2,1
"Okay. Is it possible… I promise I will get off after this. Are you going to be able to give us historic information restated along these segment line or isn’t it possible? So, that we can compare year-on-year.","We are just going to be doing at for the prior fiscal year and going forward. So, we are not going back beyond fiscal year ’07. But as we go through every quarter, we will show you not only the current quarter in fiscal year ’08 but also fiscal year ’07.",2,2,2,2,2,1,2,2,1,2,2,2
"Sorry if I missed it. I know that there were questions asked about pricing. But if you can give any color from a price cost perspective on a per-segment basis, how things trended in 1Q. And I would assume that that's going to be a gross margin benefit. How should we be thinking about price cost benefit to the margin for the coming quarters?","Jim, our business model is still intact. So again, we are targeting 1.5 points of realized price increase. We are on our trajectory to meet that. Our mix is moving a little bit against this. I’ll call it the lower featured units. We are selling more of -- their rate of increase is little bit greater than our higher- priced units. So that hurts us as well as the geographic mix, because in certain parts of the world, our prices are higher than the US. So the geographic mixes and product mix is hurting us. On the cost side, we are getting favorable price exchanges. As you know, a big component of our input is stainless steel and copper and those costs are all moving favorable to us. So again, going back to our long-term model of a little bit of price every year and a flat cost manufacturing cost structure looks pretty solid for this year.",2,2,2,2,2,1,1,2,1,1,2,1
"Okay, and just lastly on your current production levels, I know you’re working to bring inventory down. So do you plan to bring production level s down in both businesses in Q4?","We always adapt to the need. Vishay as you know is quite proud to be a relatively – I would say a very reliable supplier of free cash, the major element of that, is of course, not to let inventory to get out of hand. And we have demonstrated that in the past, we will adapt our levels. And honestly, we are relatively experienced than that, and this is what we do at the moment. But what I try to say before is – my ambition is, not to lose, strain, workforce, so we will use all other tools which we have like short working pass, so Euro like plant shutdowns, et cetera, just to adapt the volume of production, but not really inventory, in fact reducing inventory further, but not lose the workforce.",1,2,2,1,1,1,2,1,1,2,2,1
"Thank you. Great quarter. I wanted to ask if you could talk about how much scale the current supply chain, the distribution centers, infrastructure you have, how much they can handle and when do you expect as we think out over time, the next kind of major round of investments in IT and supply chain?","Sure. So in terms of major processing facilities, major distribution centers, just as a reminder, we added a new distribution center last year, that was in 2015 and we had added one before that in 2014, so some pretty lumpy investments that we have now worked our way through. Given our current growth projections, we would expect that we would need additional major distribution capacity, probably, in about four years or five years from now. And if you back off that you’d probably start some of the capital spending a year or two year before that. So it’s going to be a while before we have those kind of lumpy investments again.",2,2,2,2,2,1,2,1,1,1,1,1
"No, that's great, that's very helpful.",So probably closer to market which is probably now back to 2% to 3% and then we usually do a little better than the market.,2,2,2,2,2,2,1,1,1,1,2,1
"Good morning and thanks for taking two questions. The first one is on the U.S. volumes that you actually intend to keep, so not what you are trying to de-market, but the volumes that you actually like. Could you talk about what you are seeing there in terms of demands? You seem to talk about softness, so I am just wondering where you're seeing the softness. And the second question is on guidance sequence. I guess you are going to face tougher comps in Canada and in Europe in the second half. And that's exactly when you are trying -- when you are intending to accelerate. Can you talk about whether this will -- this should come from I guess acceleration in Canada and in Europe? Or, is it just the U.S. business seeing traction from the turnaround and accelerating extremely fast between the first half and the second half? Thank you.","So I think the reason that we're more bullish on the second half clearly it has to do with the skill set, the new people that we're hiring. And we still have a lot of positions in the U.S. for sellers. And we are picky about who we hire. Very particularly about who we hire. So it takes little more time to attract, train, develop, and then get them in the game and have them go through the sales cycle and grab the business. So that work is ongoing. But we see time on our side to make it better, faster, stronger. And I think that's the reason for the delta and the uptick we expect later in the year. If you just kind of look at our progression all I mean the fourth quarter, we saw some turning. The first quarter, we are seeing turning in the U.S. while we've maintained the growth outside the U.S. And it's absolutely true the comps for the second half were stronger but our organization is stronger. And we had more time to implement and execute on the goals that we've established. I will just add more comment on this because I think it's very important to understand the complexity around this kind of change. We're talking about culture change here. And you can't wave wand or give everybody a shot and expect it to take hold. It takes reinforcement, it takes constant repetition, it takes leadership. It takes having the right people onboard who want to go a new way and want to succeed. And that takes time. And we are moving fast. Frankly, I think quite fast given the situation we've been in. But, we want to build the foundation properly and we want this to be sustainable. And so, you can expect that this should be a natural build. Our company - I will look at it this way, our company is getting better; getting better every day. You can't see that. We are getting every month. You can't see that. But you can see that each quarter, we are getting better. And the U.S. is so -- it's such a nucleus for our turnaround. It's such an important heavy weighted element of our overall business, that's the part that we have to get right. I mean we're pretty darn -- we are never fully satisfied. That's just not the nature of the management team here. But we are pleased with what's going on in Europe. We are pleased with what's going on in Canada. It's right here in the U.S. that we got to make the change. Those changes, you are seeing the signs. You look at the third quarter, fourth quarter, first quarter, and that progression continues. That is going to raise the vote for us.",1,2,1,2,2,2,2,2,1,2,2,2
"Okay. And then just maybe one follow-up. You guys I'm sure get a lot of the same questions in terms of the potential decline in the amount of UNIX to Linux opportunity there is out there. I guess, when you looked at the fourth quarter numbers or you look at it over a 12-month basis, I guess is there any real -- I guess everybody is thinking there's some sort of ledge that we're coming to. Do you see any real, I guess, risk of that over the next 12 months? Or do you still see that as a pretty fertile opportunity for you all?","I -- well, I mean I think the healthcare deal we talked about is a great example. While we've done a lot of work replacing UNIX in areas like financial services and in telecommunications, if we look at mainstream verticals, we're still in the early days with a lot of very large companies who are -- kind of walk [ph] on the late majority. And that makes up a big, big, big chunk of the UNIX footprint out there. Those are also typically for us a little bit higher price points as people are looking for kind of the higher levels of service and our higher levels of subscription. So I don't think we see at all right now any slowing in that momentum. It's just a move from the early adopters to the kind of late majority in terms of the customers that are now making those migrations. The good news for us is they're big. And so things like healthcare, I think you'll see more deals in sectors like that as we go forward.",2,2,2,2,2,2,2,2,1,2,2,1
"One final question, the stressing of the TNFerade with chemo on either gem side have been anything else as supposed to radiation how far along is that in the planning process now?","Well, we were actively engaged with Dr. Riley at the Sun catering to talk about this very interesting design as you heard, I think earlier in the year we do have this very exciting data about the ability of gemcitabine being alone to release TNFerade in the pancreas. So, we are developing the protocol with her coming up with the various features of that and then our goal is to have to her take that and shepherd it through the internal processes there at Sun Catering.",2,2,1,1,1,1,2,2,1,1,2,2
Are you going to go after the metastatic patients or are you still going to go after combination of metastatic and locally advanced?,That trial is a metastatic trial.,2,2,2,2,2,2,2,0,1,1,2,1
"So Lee first thing, if you think about the category reinventions for this year rather the categories and the chronology maybe just remind us. I know, I think this is year one of Wall Art and maybe the final year of patio. But how do those sequence and do you think the comp benefit from category reinventions how does that compare this year to last year and year before?"," I would say first and foremost our reinventions continue to be part of the engine that drives our business. We’ve been doing this now for five years basically in total across all categories the reinvention performance has been consistent each year. So it continues to be a positive driver of same-store sales for us.
We’re pleased at FY 2018 reinventions, we had better patio furniture decorative accents, pillows and cushions and better beddings. We’re really pleased with those. FY 2019 the strategy is the same, patio which it’s in third-year reinvention this year we lean into the cushion side of the business. So we’ve got premium cushions in larger sizes, a lot more new styles and patterns, fast fashion prints and new color palette. We’re pleased with that especially this spring.
In the back half you’ll see a Wall Art reinvention that’s going to be mostly it will be assortment and operationally driven and easier way to shop for our customers, a cleaner way a layout for the store as well as seasonal with the back half reinvention.
So I would say the strategy remains the same its contribution remains consistent and we still see lots of opportunity not only this year, but in future years for reinvention.",2,2,2,2,2,2,2,2,2,2,2,2
"Thanks a lot. Congratulations on the quarter. A couple of questions here. In terms of the – assuming that Verizon starts coming back as you'd previously answered in the question, what type of revenue base do you think we should be at the end of the year in terms of breakdown in telco, cable and satellite? Is cable going to be bigger than the telco side, or is the telco going to be bigger than the cable by the end of next year?","Yes. I know it's – we really don't kind of break things down like that and we really don't want to provide guidance beyond the current quarter. I would say generally, if you look historically when Verizon was our only deployment of MoCA, they represented north of 70% of the overall revenue of the company. As we kind of moved into this Q4 period, they lost than half of that in terms of our overall revenue. And I think even with the spring back in Verizon, the other businesses are going to be growing at a more rapid clip. So the Verizon component of our overall business is maybe a third of our business and decreasing from there. I think the satellite opportunity and the cable opportunity each are as big as the Verizon deployment over time. So, we should see pretty uniform distribution and diversification of our revenue across the MoCA business, while at the same time, we are also seeing pretty substantial growth in our non-MoCA produce lines as well. So I think generally, we are going to see continued diversification of the revenue stream across multiple service providers and multiple products.",1,2,1,0,1,1,2,0,1,0,2,0
"Okay. Then just lastly on the HyperSpace side, without any revenue comments, can you give us any metrics that we can monitor the interest level; any general sense on the number of downloads to-date or how much has been the free trial versus purchased?","Well, we haven’t initiated any sort of marketing activity that will generate significant volumes. The ASUS contract is one of the first ones that could generate leads in the millions and given the current economic climate, we’ve canceled our Super Bowl ad, so that will wreck our leads for it right there. So you have to spend money to get leads in significant numbers or you have to have a partner and our partner in this business is the OEMs. Like I said, given the economic climate, the amount of advertising and another kind of lead generation we’ll be doing, would be minimal. So we’ve got to get the OEMs in gear to generate millions of leads and that will generate interesting and significant numbers and we’re signing them up left and right. We’re happy with our signups.",0,0,0,1,0,1,2,1,1,2,2,1
"Yeah. Thanks. And well everyone is stay healthy. I just wanted to follow-up, Jayshree, on your commentary from the beginning of the call you said, you're planning to run the business versus 2018 levels. I assume that's an OpEx comment?Or is it an OpEx comment that also maybe relates to where you think revenue could kind of tends to allow, at the end of the year?","Yeah. No, Alex, first of all, I think we have - we understand the first half better than the second half. So, please take this with a grain of unknown and uncertainty in everything. And I know CEOs are supposed to know everything, but I can honestly tell you, we don't know much about the second half.So, what we’re doing is controlling what we can control. And what Ita and I can control is the business and the expense more than the top line, for the year. And Ita, you want to add more to that?",1,2,2,2,1,1,1,0,2,0,0,1
So that – is that behind you now I assume?,It is thankfully behind us.,2,2,2,2,2,2,1,1,1,1,1,1
"Good morning. I wonder if you could give us a flavor for the trends geographically, what your potential exposure is to Europe, which is weakening in many countries and how much benefit you might be getting from strength in Asia and Latin America?","Alex, that is always very company specific and market specific. But I think we have a slide in our deck that shows our growth rate year-to-date. And the majority of our growth has come in Asia; that's been electronically driven. Plus, the other companies that we have that have strong Asian presence such as Knowles and others. Europe for us was actually up from a growth rate standpoint this year over last. Again, we have some businesses performing well there. Imaje, our product ID company certainly is located in Europe. SWEP [ph] has had a very good run in its heat exchanger business in Europe and we continue to see radar continues [ph] to build. They opened a new plant in China during the quarter. So they will... that will be increasing their international presence. So across the board, pretty good global engagement here. I know a lot of people are talking about Europe pulling back. Our rate of growth in Europe has kind of held in there fairly well. In fact, DE-STA-CO, which serves the automotive market in general is down certainly in U.S. The project with Audio and VW or Volkswagen in Europe have continued to keep that business quite active.",2,2,1,1,2,2,2,2,1,2,2,1
"Two questions. One, I think you talked about 21% increase in selling and marketing driven by -- one of the big reason is keyword pricing. Could you give us some sense about what kind of conversion and return on investment you were seeing from those increased spending? And secondly, Dara, I think you talked about 43% of the bookings are merchant. Can you give us some sense like what percent of your hotel booking is merchant versus agency and how that trend is trending?","On the merchant bookings question, so the vast majority of our Hotel business remains merchant. That 10% to 15% is agency. As between Expedia and hotels.com, hotels.com does have a higher agency penetration. And the agency hotel business is growing, and we are working, as Dara indicated earlier, to really deliver more demand to the growing number of EDM [ph] hotels that we have. I think we're up to 20,000, 24,000 in Europe at this time.",1,1,1,1,1,1,2,2,1,2,2,2
"Okay. And then in terms of your overall business in Asia, it's obviously doing quite well even excluding Japan. It appears, in general, the economy and consumers are faring much better in Asia than the rest of the world, especially when we look at your margins. Excluding currency and acquisitions, I think it's up -- they're up almost 10%. So hoping you can again just drill down a little deeper, maybe give us a few more details on what the key dynamics are here, specifically in Indonesia and then Korea, maybe long-term growth rates you expect in those key markets.","Yes. Indonesia -- Asia, overall, as I said on the prepared remarks as well, is the growth engine of our company, but Asia -- it's not Asia alone. We are also having very decent results in the other regions. Take the EEMA region. Take the Latin America region, but also take the EU region, where we have returned to OCI growth. So whilst the growth rates are the strongest in Asia, the business is doing very well also elsewhere. Now going precisely on the question on Indonesia. While we have a country which has none of the European problems that European governments are facing",1,1,1,1,1,1,2,2,1,2,2,1
"That's helpful. And then, relative to the lower promotional activity in the second quarter, does that in any way help explain the higher gross margin in Q2 versus Q1 even though -- and I recognize it's not normally a comparison, but even though the second quarter sales were slightly below the first quarter sales?","Bill, again, I think you're -- I think these -- they're very, very challenging to compare the first quarter to the second quarter, the seasons are just dramatic with the winter impact on the first quarter. So clearly this year, though, the mix impacted the margins, as well as the lower promotion activity for the quarter, year-over-year.",2,2,2,2,2,2,2,0,2,1,0,1
"So the simple math would be Peter that, if we saw the lumber inflate right back, we'd get back roughly $200 million of level working capital benefit. Is that a simple way to think about it?","It's obviously a seasonal business, so yes, during the peak of the selling season, you could see that.",1,1,1,2,1,2,2,0,1,1,2,1
"Okay, thanks. Just to follow-up to Barry's question on capital allocation; Dick, can you talk about the board's position on buybacks versus dividends, and philosophically how you approach that? I can appreciate that the $50 million addition to the share buyback, but I know in the past you guys have been reluctant to buyback more stock and -- concerns around reducing your liquidity further given the large buybacks you've done in the past. So can you just address philosophically how the board looks at dividends versus buybacks going forward?","Sure. Well, I should remind you that since 2006 we have returned like $560 million to shareholders through a combination of buybacks and dividends. So we haven't been bashful about this over time. The board really didn't stop to consider our dividend policy at this point, Barry, as for this board meeting. I think we're looking to talk about this in our September meeting to figure out for our next year of operation what our dividend policy should be short and longer term. So the lack of an increase in the dividend is not a statement on our long-term attitude toward dividends. At the same time, we are -- sorry, Drew, this is in response to your question, not to Barry. In response to the buybacks, I think again, we will come back to you with a program on the stock buybacks that will be clearer over time.",2,2,1,2,1,2,2,2,1,2,2,1
" Got it. That's at least encouraging. My follow-up is just on the current liquidity position. Right now, you've got $11 million drawn on the revolver. And it sounds like you'll tap into the $15 million accordion on the term loan at some point moving forward. And if we look at the debt covenants that you have in the revolver today, clearly the availability on the revolver will come down with receivables. But do you expect -- will need to put the $11 million you have drawn into the accordion, or do you expect that $11 million to be relatively safe from a debt covenant perspective over the course of 2020?"," Hey, Taylor, this is Philip. There's two debt covenants that we've got. One is in our term loan. There's a minimum, $10 million minimum liquidity covenant and there's a springing fixed charge covenant, that doesn't come into play in the revolver until we have less than $4 million of availability. So we're not there yet. We will be hard -- we will bring cash into the business as rigs stack and working capital.So that cash, some of that will pay down the revolver -- the revolver balance now. So we'll -- we just don't see the revolver as a meaningful source of sourcing. It will support the operations of the business, but it won't source our non-operating expenditures, just because the availability is going to come down. We will have to pay part of that revolver balance back as our rigs come back. But we will be getting cash in to do that as well, as our working capital converts to cash.",2,2,2,2,2,1,2,2,1,2,2,1
"Good afternoon, guys. Thanks for taking the questions. Mitch, a quick question for you. With some of the cost reductions that you’ve put in place and the raise that you recently did, could you comment on your cash runway, cash burn rate?","Yes, Thomas, thanks for the question. We expect to burn just over 5 million a quarter and that’s what we have been doing. Those are our expectations. And expect to continue that rate for the course of the year.",2,2,2,2,2,1,2,2,1,2,2,1
"You talked about some of the endpoints in the TransVax trial are going to be a little bit complex with respect to some of the virological endpoints. Can you maybe talk about whether or not you feel a partner in the US, given the complexity of that trial design would want to be involved in these current discussions around trial design and anything you might go to the FDA with?","I think the first thing partner will want to see the data from the Phase 2 12 month follow up, and if that virological data is exciting, then all bets are off right because the devil is in the detail, it is all in the data. I can stand here and tell you virological endpoints are good enough, but if we can show immunocompromised patient that those virological endpoints indeed can be achieved, then you can get a partner excited.

Secondly everybody knows that this is a slam dunk. Normally if you get a Phase 2 study done and if you can complete a Phase 3 study done with an agreed upon endpoint with the FDA and the vaccine is efficacious as we have seen so far. This is a locked up market, we’ve [awful] drug status. The people are getting as a matter of point cell transplants or CMV positive, they will take this vaccine okay.

So there is not issue of market penetrability or unknowns about how to achieve the commercial goal. So those are two very clear, the third thing everybody knows that, CMV disease is not a valid endpoint because the entire treatment paradigm is based on virological endpoints and if the FDA is going to insist on doing CMV disease, it will require a huge trial and this will make the full program removed.

And so everybody knows including the clinical experts who are working with us. Remember how they treat people, they used PCR or whatever local assays and they look at the number of [copies] in the blood every week.

And then they put on an antiviral such as Ganciclovir. CMV disease occurs in less than 2% or 3% of the patient. So that’s not a relevant endpoint and that’s the goal and that’s the pieces and that’s the expert opinion that we are taking to the agency.

I think the European agency on the other hand already understands the importance of our virological endpoints. We have to do some convincing to do with the FDA.",2,2,2,2,2,2,2,0,1,1,2,2
"My first question is around just getting kind of your professional services hires upto speed and well utilized, is -- do you have any leverage you could pull to accelerate that process or is this just kind of the speed that will have to happen and can you just call it a little bit more about how you see getting to better utilization in the fourth quarter?","Well, there is a lot of training involved for our large ERP package like we have. And when we hire people, we have a mix of people that we hire that are newbies, that are -- just graduated from college and a mix of people that pretty much hit the ground running that might have experienced with other ERP packages. Or we hire people maybe that have worked for QAD before so they can get going fairly rapidly but it does take time to train. In fact, the college hires takes us -- we have a 9-month program that they go through. So we do need to balance it with more experienced people and sub-contractors. But we've been doing reasonably well in meeting our customers' demands for the services which is probably the most important thing that we have going right now.",1,2,1,1,1,1,2,2,1,1,2,1
"Good. To improve relations with your suppliers, are you looking to be going to like more self-sourcing for your larger product?","So, I think the person that has done the most over the years to improve relations with suppliers, and we certainly have seen it happen in Europe, and it's happening here in the U.S. now, and he'll have a global role to do it, is David. So I'm going to let David Jukes answer that question.",0,0,1,1,0,1,2,1,1,2,2,2
"So essentially, you're just going to become more efficient with your promotional activity?","We are always challenging ourselves in terms of efficiency, but we tried to be aggressive in some categories where we saw that -- we perceived the need to be more aggressive, and it didn't work, so we are undoing any plans to continue that in the second half.",1,2,1,1,1,1,2,1,0,2,2,0
"Thanks a lot for taking my question. Gary, there’s been a sharp increase in the profitability of many of the players in the home furnishings industry. So do you think that the sector is now just structurally earning higher margin? And how does varying form how to think about our itches profitability in the second half of the year where when you talk about the two or two half and the second half that you will be facing some unique factors and much more difficult comparisons?","Sure. Yes. Good question. I think to answer that question you really got to look at what's the revenue growth that the businesses experienced in 2020, right? And that's why I made the point and I kind of repeated the point in the letter that we hit 21.8% operating margin on 8% revenue growth, right? So we had 750 basis points of margin expansion on 8% revenue growth. So that's the first part of it, right? So you can kind of book that, right? That's not going away because that's got nothing to do with the pandemic. That's got nothing to do with home furnishings tailwinds, 8% revenue growth nothing to do with that. So that's all structural and we would have - by the way it's about what we thought we were going to earn before the pandemic, okay? Our model was about 22% what we thought we'd make and then the pandemic hit. And with the pandemic hit, I mean, what it did is he just turned it into two halves. Now did we optimize a little bit here and there? We did but our plan was to have revenue growth slightly higher. So - but what we came out right about there. So if you've got people that have grown faster in 2020 than they had historically, there - you got to kind of say how much of that sticks? How much of the leverage sticks? And then there's a really important one to kind of figure out where everybody's going to land here is what - what the price structure and the promotional structure of the business, right? So we didn't get less promotional. We are - we don't have promotions, right? The only thing we have is we have things that we're discontinuing out of the assortment but we're not a promotional business, right? So there's businesses - if you study our industry, there's businesses that have - they've pulled back on promotions as they should, right. And they pull back on promotions and we're able to have X amount of demand or revenues. When the world cycles at some point, can they maintain a non-promotional stance? Because I'm sure people have picked up 200 basis points, maybe 300 basis points of a product margins because they used to be really promotional and now they don't have to be promotional because there is this increased demand. That's - to me that's the open switch. How much of the revenue sticks? So what happened to their margin in our industry is tied to an increased revenues which ours is not, because our revenues didn't shift. So you - again, if we - if you would have saw the $150 million of revenues hit in this year and we would have been at 23% operating margin, 120 basis points of our model, we would have pointed that to you. We would have said, it’s kind of in our view one time and maybe not structural. But there's nothing about our revenues in 2020 that are pandemic-assisted. There's nothing about our product margin that is pandemic-assisted. We were not less promotional than we planned to be, that we have - if we have a membership model. So the margin growth you saw on our product is real margin growth. It's not necessarily temporal at all so that's what I'd say or if you said. And then the other piece, the other one I'd point to is advertising, right? So if you're looking, particularly if you're looking at somebody like Wayfair and I'm not picking at Wayfair. I think honestly, if first I thought Wayfair was not going to make it. And I thought like when I studied their S-1, when they’re filing where I thought like yes, this doesn't look like a real thing but I've grown to appreciate and respect the platform Wayfair is built and their ability to generate a lot of revenue very quickly. The question in my mind with Wayfair is what's the real structural margin in the company? And so with someone like Wayfair, I think it's - you’re snow blind right now, right? There - it's like if you think about every restaurant in America and most of the world closed. So anybody selling kitchen stuff, the run on kitchen like if you go buy toasters and pots and pans and other things like that because now you're not eating out, even people like my household because my girls are way in college now. I mean, I eat out every night, like we eat out every night My partner and I and she went out and did like a raid on the kids like we’ve got a whole brand new kitchen, right? Because we are going to be home like so we've got all kinds of new stuff. She's cooking stuff, she's never cooked before. And so I look at kind of categories like that and I go, those may not be sustainable and also those are the things where she was going to buy it whether it was on sale or not, right? She was going to buy the cookware whether it's on sale or not. And it says if the promotional aspects of some of these businesses, some of these categories is very, very different, right? Like when the pandemic first happened, I was analyzing everything and is going on everybody’s website, I think I joked around, I said Wayfair has 60 pages of toasters and they do. It might be more now, it's 60 pages of toasters, I think 40 or 60 pages are sold out. So you have a run on businesses like that. But - so when I think about the industry and I think about where we sit in the industry, I try to understand the differences of what revenue was a gift. Like we have a lot of demand that was a gift, no revenue that was a gift, right? We didn't ship any of it. So we have 8% growth and the 750 basis points, oh, and then the other one is advertising, excuse me. As you think about advertising leverage someone like Wayfair got or other business - any - every business, right? We all got some advertising leverage like we missed a catalog cycle, right? The source book cycle last year. So call that, I don't know, $40 million, something like that, right, or $60 million. So you say, hey, Gary. Can you guys sustain this? You’ve got to put that advertising back into the model. And that’s a good question. I’m not sure yet. I’m not sure. But that’s something that, like, we think about. Like, do we need to go back to mailing a book twice a year? Do - can we mail less books? Our big galleries and our investments in restaurants is driving more traffic. And what do we need there? But I'd say those - the revenue, the promotional structure and margin structure based on promotions, and then the advertising piece of it. And then, of course, if people got a big lift that - they're going to get occupancy leverage and some things like that that might come back. So I don't know how sustainable - if I look across our industry, the margin structure is as of today, I - everybody wants you to believe it is. That's why I made the point - and I was like - I'm kind of really happy. We only had 8% revenue growth because - nobody can be snow-blind here including us, right? So I like - like, hey, do we have roughly 22% operating margin business today? Without a pandemic, that's what we got. And how much pandemic boost are we going to have in 2021? If our revenues are up 15%, maybe a little, right, because we’re going to start growing internationally. And then when we start growing globally, we're going to open countries. We're going to open in Europe and be able to take online orders and ship to all of Europe. So it's not like we're opening and - in a market like Sacramento or we're opening a new store in Vancouver, Montreal or something. And we're opening in a huge country, I mean, in Europe should be the size for us, the closest size of the United States in volume, right. So that's big. Like it’d be like that’s coming to America with a brand that people know. Like I saw some - some analysts, I don’t know if they’re on the phone or not, like they tend to write kind of negative things about us all the time. So they knew who they are. But, like anything they could say, they’ll talk like oh, their business is down and their New York restaurant. Like, oh, that's - I mean, they're not going to make their fourth quarters, like give me a break. But after - but anyway, the - they're - in one of their notes they said like, yes, we have no - we have no market awareness. Like - like people don't know us. Like, don't look at some average market awareness study. Our customer is the top 1%. In many cases is that they are - the core of our business is the top half of 1%. Do that brand awareness. Go into London, go into Paris, and go talk to the top 1% who all dressed in the same labels. They all have Rolex watches and other things. They all go to the same restaurants. They go on while on vacation DeSanto Bay, Aveza, St. Barts, Aspen. They all know each other and they all know us. So, like you want to know about brand awareness and why we're confident. Okay, because the people that buy the other great luxury brands, they know about us. We’re the only high-end brand of our kind in the world. Everybody else is just a category player. They do self-sofas or they sell lighting. We’re the only one of our kind. And so the opportunity for us when you think about growth long-term is when we start opening countries like - that’s like coming to America and being relatively well-known at the market segment that you’re targeting and opening a gallery in New York and opening a gallery in L.A. something that like maybe compare that to Paris and London, right? And go in like and then open whole Internet to the whole market and you go like you don't think about it as stores. You don't think about it as markets. You think about what could the United States generate if I had a store in New York and L.A. - amazing stores in New York and L.A. and they knew my brand and all the sudden they have a website and I've been wanting to shop from them for years. And I've had to fly to America, buy stuff find, a container shipping company and ship it myself. Like I think there could be a run on the house here when we go international. Like I think it's going to be better than any anybody else's model who stepped across the pond.
",2,2,2,2,2,2,2,2,1,2,0,1
"Yes, likewise. Maybe just to follow up on Tom’s question on RX on volumes and let’s not get specific, but I would expect that lung cancer surgeries will be pretty resilient as compared to other elective procedures and I just want to get a sense that do you guys expect a gradual ramp back up in terms of lung cancer surgeries or an immediate uptake based on the lung cancer surgery backlog and maybe can you give us a sense of how things have changed from maybe March to maybe late April, May?","Yes, I completely agree. So the doctors we talk to do recognize that this is not elective and so obviously the more you postpone these surgeries, the greater the chance that that cancer will actually become more advanced and untreatable. So we do expect – and they’re already seeing these surgeries resume. Similar to the economy, I don’t think it’s going to be a sudden hockey stick [ph]. It will be gradual, but we are already seeing that it’s resuming particularly in the states that have already started to open up. So that’s the trend.",2,2,2,2,2,2,2,2,0,2,2,0
Really just a couple of small ones left on the liquidity front. You referenced three early terms. It didn't sound like those were included in the contracted count or the exit of six count and there's probably not much duration associated with those contracts. But how do you – how are we accounting for the cash flow associated with the early terms in the Q2 guide? And is it worth mentioning those dollars?," So when we gave the revenue per day and the operating rig count and the cost per day, we excluded anything out about those early terms. The revenue we're going to get on the early terms between $1.5 million and $2 million, that's probably going to be offset by the stacking costs that we have that are coming in.We're going to have a large number of rigs come in that you've got to put new preservation on and things during the quarter and that's going to be a chunk of change. And there's some furlough opportunities that we're able to take for our employees during the quarter as a result of getting the CARES Act loan that those costs will probably offset the early term revenues during the quarter.",2,2,2,2,2,1,2,2,1,2,2,1
" Okay. But in addition to that, you have been talking about sort of the challenges with the supply chain. Since the sort of integration of the product, which was in mid-2018, so we have seen about -- spent about 20 months since then, and from our vantage point, it doesn't seem like anything is really happening or progressing with that. Of course, we are not inside the business. So could you provide some color on, at least, why you feel like things are actually progressing?"," Well if you looked at the quality of the product and the way it's being manufactured today, and had the opportunity to see it physically the way we do, and the professionalism that has been brought to, what was essentially a developmental product capability. I think you'd have a flavor for why I made the comments earlier. The meantime between failure and the units is coming down. Our reliability is moving in the right direction. There are plenty of challenges ahead. It's a high technology business, but it's one we think we can be a leader in, in the long term. We do have a pretty good backlog, as I think you noted, in the earnings release, as we go into the year. Frankly, from our point of view, we don't really want to have too much more in the way of shipments in 2018 than we are currently planning. What we are aiming to do, is to ramp up the shipments, as the cost comes down. So think of the costs coming down over the course of 2018, and then the volume ramping up after the cost comes down, and that's the approach that we are working. In the meantime, we are going to customers, where we feel they have the most direct ability to benefit from fuel cell, and are less price sensitive about the price, particularly given the power density and the productivity capabilities for customers of our products. So I kind of think I'd leave it there. I mean, we understand that, you all probably don't tend to look at this as a venture business and watch those kinds of businesses. But I don't think this is out of character, with that kind of a business. And when I am -- but I do reiterate my comment, and I think Colin shares it, that we feel really enormously better about the state of the business, as we go into 2018, in comparison to the level of professionalism and design and cost capability, and the clarity of the development program that we had a year ago.",2,2,1,2,2,2,2,2,2,2,2,2
"Okay. Thanks, good morning and congrats to Shawn and Heather. Todd, I just wanted to start with some questions around the second half comments, where revenue is relatively consistent with the fiscal 2Q guide. just maybe, the biggest drivers of why we would see effectively flat sequential trends in Q3 and Q4, because we normally expect to build up each quarter or see it up sequentially on a seasonal basis. It sounds like towards the end of the quarter, medical and industrial saw a recent strength, you’ve got new customers coming on. So, what would be the offsets that I’m missing to make Q3 and Q4 effectively below normal seasonality?","Yes. I think that the issue Adam is that the visibility is just fairly limited right now. So it – I would say, it’s more of a situation is we’re just not sure. We just don’t know. And if you think back to a quarter ago, when we had our call, we expected Q2 to be flat to Q1. I mean, obviously, it’s not – it’s up substantially on the order of about $50 million. So, we saw a lot of upside demand come in, particularly around the healthcare and in the industrial sector. So, as we – as our customers brought up forecasts, they just brought them up in the near-term and not necessarily further out. So, I’d say there’s a lot of uncertainty to us as whether we’re going to see something similar as we move through the rest of the year or whether we won’t. but based off of the visibility we have right now, it looks more like flat at this time. But I think in some sense, we’re a little bit of a victim of our success from an execution standpoint, because there are customers feel comfortable that they can drop in demand and we’ll execute on it.",1,1,1,1,1,1,2,2,2,1,2,0
"Hey, guys. Thanks for taking the questions. Thanks, again, Lowell, congrats to you and Hans. Matt, could I just ask some questions on the finance side, just on the lower-tax guide.
Could you talk about the reasons why that is, and is that flowing through to the cash flow side of the equation? And do we need to address that in the free cash flow number as well? And then the second one is, could you talk about, I think, as we've done, historically, some of the changes in the union contract forthcoming, how should we think about that impact on the cost structure? I know you gave us about a 20% margin in the wireline side for this year. But is that -- did those negotiations give you some window and potentially having some upside in that margin number in the wireline business? Thanks.
","Yes. David, we're -- we're really pleased with the relationship that we built with the union. During the last contract, we get together at the senior level very frequently. We've been able to deal with some issues that had been thorns on the side for both the union leadership and members as well as the company.
So when we decided -- attempt to get a contract literally a year ahead of exploration that was a major change in our relationship. And I would like to thank the union leadership for the way -- the approach that they took during this. As far as your financial projections, I would say just continue with the projections that you've seen. We do have increases and contributions and that sort of thing, but it's not a significant change to the bottom-line trajectory that you've seen the way it was after our last contract.
But the beauty of all of this is now the management and all of our employees can focus on our customers, and deploying 5G and deploying fiber, and they can all focus on work and their families and the customer instead of getting ready for a strike. And so we're very, very pleased about this outcome.
",1,1,1,1,1,2,2,2,1,2,2,2
"Just a question on the pricing environment out there for Uniform Rental, are you seeing… you said it looks like solid sequential improvement in the organic growth. What do you see on the pricing front there?","I would say it’s a very competitive marketplace, especially, with large national type customers.",1,1,1,1,1,1,2,0,0,2,1,1
" Okay. And then Anthony in the context of exiting the quarter at six rigs, again, coming back around to the prior question maybe about natural gas basins or otherwise. What kind of discussions are you having with respect to putting some rigs to work above and beyond that six in the second half?I guess look, I'm very well versed on the fact that every E&P company is pretty much shutting down during the course of the second quarter. There have been some conversations or some commentary from E&Ps about to maybe increasing activity, if WTI were to get back into $30 range. So just curious on your end, do you think you're going to flat line a fixed range for the rest of the year? And do you think there's a prospect, you could put one or two rigs back to work through the third quarter and into the fourth quarter?"," No. I think it's -- it is the latter Kurt. Look, everything you just laid out is consistent with what we're hearing. When I hear these inbound one question that comes to my mind is, is it a drilling engineer that's trying to justify our position, or are they truly business opportunities there?And the thresholds in terms of commodity that we hear customers talk about is kind of $2 gas and a $30 WTI, at above those levels there's -- at least rigs aren't going to get released. There's some stuff on the margin that -- it feels like and sounds like our customers would increase activity.Just given the nature of the people we're talking about, like I said, it does include current customers. In some cases, it's incremental rigs. In other words, they're picking rigs up that they've dropped earlier this year or late last year. And in some cases, it would be new opportunities for the company where we may have an opportunity to displace a competitor.As you said or as it was said earlier, ICD has a very strong reputation in the Haynesville. It's a reputation and a business that we've built ourselves. It didn't come through an acquisition or anything like that. And we get a lot of inbound calls and inquiries from customers as they think about activity over there.So, you look at some of the rigs we've had running they've performed exceptionally well. They're very safe. They're very efficient. Crews have been together a long time. So as customers think about go forward operations, obviously we're in the mix. And I think in some ways and in some cases certainly, I think we're at an advantage.We just need to see the opportunity evolve into a contracting opportunity. And I am optimistic that we will have some wins in that area. Obviously like you said right now, second quarter there's not a lot that's going to happen. But the opportunities that we're talking about are kind of July, August and beyond and we'll see how the summer plays out. But I think, I would say that things are lining up that I would expect us to put a couple of rigs back to work up there later this year.",2,2,2,2,2,2,2,2,1,2,2,1
" Right. So I mean, I think in the past you've been skeptical about the attraction of East Coast and West Coast refining. So it sounds like the refining base is going to be around where it is today give or take, and the growth is going to be as logistics play through the MLP?"," Well, Paul, I believe two things – really three things there, if you look at three segments. There's definitely going to be further consolidation in refining, there's going to be further consolidation in midstream and we're seeing the consolidation happening in retail. So, there are going to be opportunities across. I'm not discounting that there may not be some opportunity in refining some day. Being upfront here that I don't see anything immediately on the horizon from a consolidation standpoint in refining. But certainly there's a lot of movement going on in midstream and in retail right now. And I think we have the ability, we've been able to show certainly that big acquisitions – we can execute on acquisitions and we can execute on delivering synergy. So – well, everything has to be at the right price that will be value generating to MPC.",1,2,1,2,1,1,2,2,1,2,2,2
"Okay, that's helpful. Maybe just one more if I can squeeze one in for Pete. Pete, you mentioned the pipeline of new accounts was robust; maybe can you quantify that in any way for us? And also just with respect to kind of the cadence between 3Q and 4Q, should we be thinking about the -- really more 4Q-weighted verse 3Q. Any color there would be helpful. Thank you.","Well, when you say new accounts, I mean there's -- were you saying new active accounts, right? Is that what you mean?",0,0,1,0,0,1,2,0,1,1,1,1
"Okay, Q4000 if I recall correctly was fairly well booked maybe even into, through the end of this year and the next year before the BP situation, obviously working for BP now for a while. Can you maybe share the status of some of the other work you were supposed to be working on right now? Or are people, you’re going to get some cancellations there or do you think that some of that continues to get extended?","Jim, let me take that. Yes, the Q4000 was fully booked for BP Macondo throughout 2010 and somewhat into 2011. And for the most part its involvement in the Macondo situation is only extending that backlog and increasing the backlog. There has been a job, a small job that was cancelled but aside from that mainly the work that she had in backlog has just been pushed to the right. So it’s been a fairly positive for us in terms of actually building backlog.",2,2,2,2,2,2,2,2,1,2,2,2
Can you just give us a little more color on the timeline for SOLX and the approval there and if there is any possibility of regaining some of the Red Cross business over the next three or four years?,"Well, the clinical trial is kicking off I think this week or next as expected. We are hopeful that we will have obviously the trial done and a response from the FDA by the end of this year, fiscal year and that will be in the market in ’16. And I think when we’re in the market with that product, we will have a clear understanding of how much leverage it gives us in terms of innovation.",2,2,2,2,2,2,2,0,1,2,2,2
"Thanks. I want to build on that question. I believe, Anup there was a third item there. I'm sorry I didn’t -- I heard one and two but I didn't catch number three. What was the third item in terms of pulling back on the commercial side?","It’s a marketing which says that’s one and third one is channel programs. So we have about half of our opportunities are marketing sourced, another half of our opportunities are channel sourced.
",2,2,1,2,2,1,2,2,1,1,2,1
Okay. So that will be on top of that 1%?,"Yes, but not as much as we've seen this year. This year we've seen about 1% due to normal tobacco, and we think that will be less next year as we cycle particularly New York.",2,2,2,2,2,1,2,2,1,2,2,0
"Thanks. Good afternoon, everyone. I was hoping to dig in a little bit on the drivers in D&A. I think that you mentioned some non-recurring costs that happened in SG&A in the quarter, but also some timing benefits that happened in the third quarter. So could you just add a little more color there?","Sure. So I’ll break the timing in the quarter. The timing in the quarter was actually gross margin component. Packaway ended a little higher than we had in our current original expectations when we ended the quarter. So that timing moved from Q3 to Q4, which is why the Q4 guidance came down by about a penny. In terms of G&A, we ended 5 basis points better. We would have expected more leverage on the 7% comp. That was driven by higher wage, and as we mentioned on the call, one-time non-recurring expenses.",2,2,1,2,2,1,2,2,1,2,2,1
" Got it. And on the second half order outlook, you said that memory would be up half-over-half. Do you think that's weighted more toward DRAM or NAND?"," I think in September, right now it looks like it's -- NAND is a higher percentage. We're -- right now, for September, we're forecasting memory overall to be about 27% of the mix or so, 27%, 28%. And NAND will be the bulk of that. I think there is -- but there is investment in both areas. And so -- I just don't have the detail on December but that outlook is for September right now.",2,2,2,2,2,2,2,2,1,1,2,1
"It’s no secret that the netbook is obviously doing pretty well. Do you have any thoughts there on that category now that you’ve been able to watch it for a few quarters and what you are thinking and it has obviously held up the market a bit in the recent data and you don’t have it, and you still outperformed the market? Just any thoughts on where you are and where you aren’t that you might want to share?","For us, it’s about doing great products. And when I look at what is being sold in the netbook space today, I see cramped keyboards, terrible software, junky hardware, very small screens, and just not a consumer experience, and not something that we would put the Mac brand on quite frankly. And so, it’s not a space as it exists today that we are interested in, nor do we believe that customers in the long term would be interested in. It’s a segment we would choose not to play in. That said, we do look at the space and are interested to see our customers’ respond to it. People that want a small computer so to speak that does browsing and e-mail, might want to buy an iPod Touch or they might want to buy an iPhone. And so, we have other products to accomplish some of what people are buying netbooks for and so, in that particular way we play in an indirect basis. And then of course, if we find a way where we can deliver an innovative product that really makes a contribution, then we will do that and we have some interesting ideas in the space. The product pipeline is fantastic for the Mac. We are – as we look back over the last four plus years, 17 of the 18 quarters of the last four-and-a-half years, we’ve exceeded the market rate of growth. And to exceed in this horrendous economy, I think is quite an accomplishment, especially when you look at the – that these very low-priced netbooks that are – I think it’s a stretch to call it a personal computer, are really propping up the unit numbers from the industry as a whole. So, we feel great about our performance. It’s a very solid performance, especially in this environment and the pipeline looks fantastic.",2,2,2,2,2,0,2,2,1,2,2,2
"I was hoping you could flush out the Isilon comments a little bit. Dave, you mentioned that Isilon, as you said, making life more difficult for the competition in general-purpose, file-based workloads. Could you add a little bit more color there on where Isilon is gaining share and why?","Yes, sure. I mean, we wanted to make it very clear that Isilon, whilst it may have grown up in a kind of more vertically oriented marketplace, is really doing exceptionally well in the horizontal markets, particularly people who just have kind of large scale-out file requirements. And the key is simplicity. What you do with Isilon is you start small and you basically add to the systems and it scales linearly. It has a very high utilization rate as well. So it really is displacing systems well often. Other vendors will have multiple filesystems that will try and do a single job, and there's a lot of load-balancing going on between those filesystems. We can just put one in there that replaces the entire amounts. And all the example I mentioned on the call were examples where we've actually displaced incumbent NAS vendors. And then in the vertical markets, obviously, places like oil and gas, media, where it's becoming a household name, et cetera, still going very, very well. I think the message here is that what we've got with Isilon and with VNX and with Data Domain is in each cases we've got a best-of-breed platform, and the best-of-breed platform is providing better utilization, better returns and is not providing a compromise compared to a one-size-fits-all, and that seems to be the solution that's winning in the market right now.",2,2,2,2,2,2,2,1,1,2,2,2
"Right. So I mean, obviously, if you look at revenue, it's actually incrementally down on a sequential basis, and gross bookings were up very modestly. So that's...","Yes, I'm sorry. But some of that is just the seasonality of the business and particularly in Europe. We see much less travel during the summer, and Egencia did see a fairly high increases in average ticket prices. So that's what's driving the gross bookings up.",2,2,2,2,2,1,2,2,1,2,2,1
"I believe you said also that that's going to be the commodity deflation, we should expect for the four year, is that correct?",The combined deflation for the full year is similar to what we saw on a second quarter. So that 10% of 13%.,1,2,1,2,1,1,2,1,1,1,2,1
"Great. Thanks for taking the questions. Maybe this is for Chris, you obviously have a number of upcoming launches and just wondering how you're adapting the commercial strategy here with the possibility of the current environment persists longer than maybe we'd expect. And are you confident that you can achieve your target sales goals for a lot of these new product launches? And then follow up questions just on liso-cel BLA submission. I was wondering if you can give any more specifics about the FDA request. Thank you.","Thank you, Terrance. Let me just start. I will ask Chris to comment on your question, and Nadim and also then Samit can follow up on liso-cel. We're taking a way clear approach with launches. And obviously, the number one priority is the health and safety of our employees of the healthcare professionals. So we don’t want to disrupt healthcare systems, right now. And so we have taken the position to really maximize early on our remote capabilities in terms of engaging with our customers in order to respect to the challenges of the pandemic. Having said that, while we have global principles, those principles apply differently to different parts of the world. And they also apply to different brands, because the launch of a new indication for an existing well-established brands is clearly a different strategy versus a totally new medicine. So Chris and Nadim can give you a couple of examples of how these principles we are applying them to our launches and obviously the continued support of our portfolio.",1,1,2,1,2,1,2,2,1,1,2,1
"Separately, can you talk about the circulation revenue trends you're seeing at USCP? Did you see any change in retention rates as subscribers anniversary the original increases? Any differences depending on the market size? And given the increased content you're delivering, is another price increase coming in the near term?","Yes, I think, John, with respect to pricing, the very foundation of what we did with our all-access content subscription model and now with what we're doing with these 4 pilots is to be totally focused on enhancing our content for readers and users. And we believe that when we provide additional value as we have with our all-access content model as we are doing with relaunches of our mobile sites and apps and a variety of other things and, for instance, in these 4 pilot markets where we are providing literally 70 or 80 additional pages of both national and local content that consumers are finding valuable and we're hearing from them the value they see in it, that we believe that will potentially give us the leverage -- some pricing leverage. But it's still unbelievably early. We're only a couple of weeks into it. I think we can probably speak more concretely about it when we get to the investor conference in early December. But we feel optimistic about our focus on content and bringing additional value to consumers. We've already proven that by doing that once. Consumers were willing to give us pricing leverage, and we believe that we can repeat that as long as we continue to provide that added content and value.",1,1,1,1,1,2,2,2,1,2,2,2
"Great, thank you very much for taking the questions. So a lot been asked, but we do have the ALS coming up in a few months here. And I wonder if you could just touch on maybe what some of the focuses that investors will see at the conference. I mean, I think about what's happened over the course of the last 12 months, you have acquired ortho sensor, you did touch on a little bit of the knee in a box and ASP knee opportunity there and then obviously robotics is getting a lot of attention in the ASPs in the outpatient setting. So maybe just that will set us on expectations into the conference?","Yes, listen, we don't have a big reveal at this conference. As you say we'll talk about the conformance product and we can talk about Triathlon AS-I, we have Mako, which is still going to be talked about quite a bit, especially with the new hip application that's starting to gain some steam, but still takes time to get that socialized more broadly. In addition to that, we have recent approval of the in space balloon for large rotator cuff repair within our sports medicine business, which is a very exciting product and a product used by sports medicine surgeons as well as the surgeons that do shoulder arthroplasty that come from Wright Medical. So that's also an exciting product, so as well as to perform Humeral product that Glenn mentioned earlier on with Wright Medical.

So a number of new products, but it's really, frankly, an exciting time to get back with our customers at scale, not having that conference last year was certainly a gap and really look forward to engaging with our customers once again. And so that's really what we're going to be showing. It's not something brand new that we're going to be unveiling, but really more of just continuing the momentum that we already have.",2,2,1,2,2,1,2,2,1,2,2,1
"Hi. Just wanted to ask a little bit more about the U.S. retail profit performance. Specifically, Don, I wanted to ask -- you cited here unfavorable price realization mix and lower volumes as the contributing factors to the $155 million decline. Notably absent in these comments is comments about gross inflation and/or productivity savings in the quarter. Can you talk about this a little bit? Obviously it must've been positive, but I'm curious about magnitude of it and the pacing of these programs throughout the year?","David, as we -- as John reiterated today, we still expect 3% inflation for the year. We think it's fairly evenly distributed during the year, so we don't necessarily see any unique quarterly facing. HMM, our productivity savings from HMM are similar. So one of the reasons that we remain confident in guiding to a higher gross margin is because with inflation at 3% and HMM productivity savings over $400 million, we look at that as a net offset at least and part of that came through in the first quarter which is why it really wasn’t a contributing factor year-over-year.",2,2,1,2,2,2,2,2,1,2,2,2
And is the loading part - does that continue into Q2 or are you fully loaded now?,"I think we're fully loaded at this at this point. Of course, we hope to have some great sell through on these new product launches as well.",2,2,2,2,2,2,1,1,1,1,2,2
Hi. Thank you. Good morning. Just a follow-up on the IMO regulations. So when all this sort of high-sulfur fuel oil ends up back in the market and as companies marine buyer (36,"No. The only other thing I guess that I would add is that, again, we're -we're well set up to look at various opportunities in the world for any resid that's surplus to our system. So, as part of our continuing optimization process, that's exactly what we'll do.",1,1,1,2,1,1,2,1,1,2,2,1
"The wheel hub business came out of the chute very strong. Do you expect that to be, that initial contract anyway, fairly linear or too hard to say?","I'm not sure what you mean by linear, but…",0,0,1,0,0,1,0,0,1,0,1,1
"Hi, good afternoon. My first question is back on some of the inventory and the destocking. I know you said an 18 month process. Can you tell us maybe what innings has it been from, I guess from a store perspective and the impact that it’s having at the customer shops. Can you give us some sense? Are you seeing a basket size change? Are you seeing conversion then go up online if they are not finding something in the store? And then I have one follow-up on the gross margin.","From a timing perspective, in the short term, we are planning to have about $350 million of the inventory out of the stores before holiday. We are in the early innings of starting that process and of removing the inventory from the physical store locations. As we are working through that, we’re mindful not to cannibalize sales during this holiday period.",2,2,2,2,2,1,2,2,0,2,2,1
"No, no problem. One more on the antigen self-test. I apologize for circling back on this. But just on the time line, I just wanted to clarify. Last quarter you guys kind of shifted from saliva to lower nasal. Obviously -- I just want to make sure, the design approach, they're fully locked in right now and it's just kind of refining things on your end. The data looks compelling. There's no big changes here outside of, again, kind of the normal course shifting in a few months. Is that correct?","That is basically correct, although, we haven't announced prototype lock or anything like that. And we may not announce that. I think our goal is, at least, right now, to announce when we actually submit the EUA for the professional application. But I think we're comfortable with our progress, without revealing too much about what the final design will look like. And because we've had experience with HIV, HCV and Ebola, I think we know a lot about how to scale the manufacturing from there.",2,2,1,1,1,1,2,2,1,1,2,1
"Thank you, good morning everyone. I was wondering if you're already seeing some market share gain among suppliers. Are you realizing maybe more new authorization on product sales or are we still working on for now on the pruning phase, and maybe just sell more big products?","I'll only add really -- I you've heard Steve talk about our three priorities, commercial greatness, operational excellence, and one Univar. And the one Univar piece is something that we're really working on at the moment, because we're brining our teams together globally to share knowledge, share experience, share expertise on the products that they have, and the authorizations that they have. And we're able to act more as a global company, and share technology across the planet. And that's very attractive to some of the suppliers that we worked with. So we have got some new authorizations. We have some in Europe. We've actually jus won one in the U.S. this week. It's very early days for us in the U.S., but it's all about our win/loss ratio. Give the suppliers a compelling value proposition then they will come with us. And we're getting good feedback so far.",2,2,2,2,2,2,2,1,1,2,2,1
Okay. And then any color or commentary in terms of how those customer forecasts and patterns changed as you went through the quarter?,"Well, at the beginning of the quarter they were a lot more positive than end of the quarter. And so we had a lot more change in our schedule there. And I believe that’s going to continue through this quarter, so it’s a little bit more difficult to forecast. But at the same time, I want to also give ourselves a credit. This year was really hard to forecast the whole year. But I was just looking at my notes, internally, when we had a – in June time, we had a detailed review, we had a sales meeting and we look at what we going to ship in next two quarters, and we were in the $5 million. So we’re able to – there was a lot of changes in a product demand, but overall we were $5 million up. So from that point of view, we’re really micro-managing that today, and I think we need to continue to micro-manage that at least for the next 90 days and we’ll see how things shake up as we enter the January timeframe.",2,2,2,2,2,1,2,2,0,2,2,2
"And then just a little bit of clarity. And sorry, if you guys touched on this, I dropped off for just a second. But the 26 or north of 26% margin that you guys referred to. Just to be clear, that's basically taking out any commodity impact either direction, that's just the kind of the new normal meaning no commodity impact?","Exactly, it does assume a flat commodity environment, which we can talk about but that's kind of how we're thinking.",2,2,2,2,2,2,2,0,1,1,2,1
"Maybe to change the topic a little bit, if you could talk about storage virtualization, what you're seeing out there in the sense of this is starting to pick up from your standpoint and how do you view the competition versus the product that you have out there?","Well, let me say this. What we think as the most important aspect of storage is how you auto tier. And you can -- customers can store a string of information bits, bytes. You can do it in memory. You can do it in Flash technology. There's several different kinds of Flash technology. There's SLC. There's MLC. There's consumer MLC. You can do it on 15K Fibre Channel drives. You got 10K Flash drives. You got huge 3-terabyte going to 4-terabyte SATA drives. So depending on where you store the data, you got tremendous cost differentials, hundreds to one when you go from memory down to some of the other tiers that are 1001 in cost parameters and speed and everything else. So the real most important thing we see with customers is how we used all those technologies. And then based on hitting their service levels and their policies, we'll automatically tier that storage for them and give them a lower total cost of ownership and again, actually produce drives -- arrays that are smaller, more green, and far, far more performing. So if you're going to ask me what is the most thing -- what moves the needle most in storage, I would tell you it's that. The storage virtualization is basically used today for how do you move data across different arrays. And we have -- with VPLEX and other things we're doing, we have very strong offerings, and we believe our offerings are best-of-breed. And you're going to see a lot more of -- some of that technology even be put into the virtualization engines, namely VMware. So we're very, very pleased with our position, and actually setting the tone and the path to where this market will go.",1,2,1,2,1,2,2,2,1,2,2,2
"A couple of follow-on questions. First of all, bookings in the quarter, what was the exact number?
","$45.7 million.
",0,2,1,0,0,1,2,2,1,1,2,1
"I guess just related to that, Jim -- sorry, just before we get to Steve, what are -- any thoughts regarding securing a marketing partner in Europe? And I guess this is another way of asking, has Novartis sort of just backed out of their option for taking over Pixuvri in Europe?","Yes. Just to add to Jim's comments, I think we're very gratified at the interest that we've seen in Pixuvri. And one thing to look forward from us later in the year is the opportunity to broaden the availability of the drug to cancer patients in territories beyond Western Europe, where we currently have plans to market the drug.",1,2,1,2,1,2,1,1,0,1,1,0
"So Dave, just back to the industry question for a minute on the promotional effectiveness, have you seen, I guess in your experience, an environment around promotional effectiveness like this before? And if so, was it transitory and what kind of got it moving in the right direction?","Andrew, there is a lot of unique circumstances going on here right now. I think it's unusual, it's unusual, and I think the promotional phenomenon if you will, I think is partly because, you already promote the brands that are sensitive to promotion. So the question, well how much additional promotion are you going to move the needle -- how much you're going to move the needle by doing the additional promotion on a brand, that you already are putting a decent amount of money against. P&M for instance, is a highly promotional category, I think upwards of 80% of the volume at certain times of the year sells on promotion. How much are you going to move the needle by doing even more promotion? So I think there is that factor, and then putting promotional money against brands that aren't promotionally sensitive, you're obviously going to be very challenged to suddenly get a consumer response when you do the promotion. So I don't know that it’s a really good weapon in a lot of cases.",2,2,2,1,1,1,2,2,0,0,2,0
"Okay. Got you. And also in the lower volume outlook you have for 2018 in Print, aside from the industry volume declines, are you still adjusting some of your client base going forward as well?","Yeah, we are doing two things, Judy. We're adjusting the client base for high-risk accounts, primarily around debt. It doesn't do anything good to sell to them if they don't pay us, simplistically, and so we're more aggressively managing that. And for a number of reasons, we think the industry is not getting healthier and with price increases from manufacturers coming more and more into play, there could be even greater risk. So we're trying to be proactive to address that. So that could have impact on revenues.
The other thing that we are also adjusting is, we're making some choices on the product portfolio as well. For example, we are in the wide format space, print wide format print. And in the last couple of weeks, we announced that we were exiting the plastic portion or the non-paper portion of wide format and that will put some pressure on the top line as well. Now, the reason we're doing that is because we don't believe that we have the right to win in that space, whereas in the paper space for wide format, we do believe we do. And so, it's a strategic choice that we made. So it's a choice around both optimizing the product portfolio to get it to a sweet spot, as well as making customer choices to derisk the business.",2,2,2,2,2,1,2,1,1,2,2,2
"The second question, and either you or maybe Peter can take this, sticking with the commodity price inflation but asking more from a working cap standpoint. Can you quantify how much of a headwind you expect it to be to your 2018 results? And if lumber prices were sitting where they're at today, next year how much of a potential tailwind could you see to working cap from the lower commodity prices?","It's a good question. I think that maybe the best way to characterize it is that at the peak we were seeing pretty substantial increases in both accounts receivable and inventories from the impact of inflation. I think that when we were looking at it in the third quarter, it was still probably $100 million to $150 million range of headwind that we were still burning through. We think we'll burn off a good chunk of that by year-end, sort of in line with the way that we generally would pull down accounts receivable and inventory. I don't really have a number for you off the top of my head for next year's cash flow results, but I think it's fair to say that we would see it as a tailwind. Again, to Chad's comments, so it's a little early to count any chickens on that just because of the volatility we've seen.",2,2,2,2,2,2,2,2,0,1,2,0
"So there’s no near term per say, potential opportunities for releasing shareholder value?",It depends on what you call near term. The shareholder value is going to be reflected over the next year as these products come to market and the activation rates start to become evident.,2,2,2,2,2,2,2,1,1,1,2,1
"Are you able to take advantage of it from an inventory perspective, if somebody comes into a store or goes online, to ship it from -- if somebody returns something to a store that is not a store item, rather than ship it back to the DC, can you then reship it out to a customer who ordered it online? Or are you still shipping inventory back to the DC and then repurposing it and then sending it out?",We're shipping it back to the DC.,0,0,0,0,0,0,2,1,1,1,2,1
"Understood. Thank you for that. And then I guess thinking about the – kind of as home price appreciation is starting to slow under rising affordability pressures, builders are losing their pricing power. So, how are you, I guess, keeping builders who are currently utilizing the manufactured products, I guess, away from switching back to cheaper stick framing under these new lower commodity prices?
","Well, most customers who use those products recognize the value in it and there's a lot of components to the value. Structurally, it's a better built house, less jobsite waste, increased cycle time. So you may have a few that try to shift, but I don't think the dip in commodity prices is really going to trigger that. During the depths of the downturn when framing labor costs hit rock bottom and commodity prices were down, that's where you'd seen builders more likely to re-evaluate the cost benefit. But I don't think we're anywhere near that right now.",2,2,2,2,2,2,2,2,2,1,2,2
"I guess you mentioned that there was some interest, is that in the whole package or parts of it?","Its right, but we are in the middle of the process, so we really can’t talk about specifically.",1,0,1,1,1,1,1,0,1,1,0,1
"I have a question for the shareholders. The price naturally is not very good, but that’s the whole industry. I have a question here; so considering on saving cash that the management team is taking actually cash reductions in their compensation against maybe the stock and there could be gains in future quarters, so that there is an equal hit on the people in the company as to shareholders?","Certainly variable comp is down, but we submitted a stock plan to shareholders a year ago, which was approved with the understanding that we would not immediately turn around and issue more stock to management. So we really don’t feel like that option is open to us.",1,2,1,2,1,1,2,0,2,1,2,1
"Thank you, and just last question, you know, for Greg Levin. You know, on the margins, quarter day comp in Q2, you know, was sort of that one -- mid-1 and then the trends improved but relative to your commentary, the margins or expectations, I guess you kind of ran through, you know, in terms of labor inflation and the third-party delivery fee, aside from the COD, which is very understandable, you know, on labor and other OpEx, what surprised you the most in terms of the negative impact there?","Thank you. I think the biggest surprise in Q2, if you -- and, again, I want to make sure you're talking in Q2, was, I think the avocados, you know, avocados are in our top ten of spend and that probably was a little bit more of a surprise for us than I was anticipating there. I think the success of Tri Tip, which has been really, really successful, has actually challenged our operators a little bit in regards to maybe just making sure they're prepping it and so forth so there's maybe some -- a little bit more inefficiencies around getting Tri Tip in place in Q2 and I think we've worked ourselves through that but those are probably two things going into Q2 that maybe were a little bit more challenging than maybe we were anticipating going in.",1,2,1,1,1,1,2,2,1,2,2,0
"Hi, thanks for fitting me in. Again, on the gross margin, you mentioned the ramp in BEYOND+. But I believe you said the coupon had a less negative impact from fewer redemptions. So curious if you could speak to that in a little more detail, whether the lower coupon usage was self-inflicted and how we should think about the coupon going forward as its impact to sales and gross margin?","Sure, so coupon, the decrease in the redemptions of coupons was, I would say, not self-inflicted. We had as many coupons distributed this quarter, you know this year versus last year and we will continue to issue coupons to customers, you know who utilize them and who want them when they are shopping with us.",2,2,2,2,2,1,0,0,0,2,2,2
"Separately, can you talk about the circulation revenue trends you're seeing at USCP? Did you see any change in retention rates as subscribers anniversary the original increases? Any differences depending on the market size? And given the increased content you're delivering, is another price increase coming in the near term?","Retention right now, John, has improved just slightly overall. We're pretty flat with a year ago after some increases early in the program. So we're very happy with that. Our subscribers continue to be incredibly loyal. As it relates to price increases, at this point in time, we have not announced any. We are doing some very selective price increases as part of the previous full access model in some markets where [indiscernible] deeper discounted subscribers up the ladder, and those are going as planned. That's where we are at this point",2,2,1,2,1,2,2,0,1,2,2,2
And then just any help you can give us in terms of your appetite to sustain buyback for these levels of how you’re thinking about just capital allocation?,"Well, we have a $2 billion program authorized by the board, and we expect to continue to buy back in Q3 probably similar to slightly higher levels maybe.",2,2,2,2,2,2,2,1,1,0,1,1
"So it is fair to say that we really shouldn't think about a margin differential on those volumes, whether or not they go through Core or not?","Yes I think that is a really good way to look at it. The way we view it is, we are not focused on the margin differential and if we pick it up that is the bit of icing on the cake I think. But that is not where we focused on we want to retain the volume to keep the factory humming.",2,2,2,2,2,2,2,2,1,2,2,2
"Okay. And then just a quick question on the EEMA region, where you had quite a nice volume recovery in the third quarter. I'm assuming Turkey will reverse. But I'm wondering about Ukraine as well, which had strong growth in the quarter. Does that reverse in the fourth quarter, i.e. is the third quarter impact undone? Or does it just normalize in Ukraine?","Ukraine is now normalizing. Q3 of this year, actually, in terms of comparison benefits from a very weak Q3 of last year. Q3 2010 had to de-load after the July 2010 price increase, which had a load in Q2 of 2010. So therefore, I mean, we are benefiting in Q3 now from these relatively easy comps. And we are now kind of out of that, and we should see now a situation that normalizes in the Ukrainian markets. Let's hope that we have no new disruptions, nothing on the horizon. Ukraine is one of the markets where you never know.",2,2,2,2,2,2,2,2,1,1,2,1
"Just one more if I can on the patch trial. So if you were to hit the non-inferiority margin statistically, but still being numerically below subcutaneous, would that be a problem clinically for doctors and for marketing to patients?",We are debating it. We should answer it.,0,0,1,1,1,1,2,0,1,0,0,1
"I guess, on that front, is the goal eventually to maybe to migrate completely to a digital model for USA TODAY? And then secondly, I guess, any thoughts on maybe a potential paywall on USATODAY.com?","I think I would reiterate what I said at the beginning, which is that we are going to follow consumers wherever they take us. What we're now seeing in these 4 pilots that we have done is that our customers in those markets love receiving additional USA TODAY content in their local newspaper. So there's -- I believe there's going -- for quite a period of time, there's going to be people who want to receive their content from USA TODAY in the print form, but more and more consumers are going to want to receive that content on their smartphones, on their iPads. We need to be wherever consumers want to be -- want to access that content. And we believe it will morph over time, but I don't think we're sitting here suggesting that digital-only is in the short term where we're going to be. And a paywall for USA TODAY, I will leave that to no current plans.",1,1,1,1,1,1,2,0,1,2,2,2
"Jim, can you comment on the China deceleration in the back half as it pertains to display? I think you mentioned an area growth of 5% in the second half. What is the underlying unit assumption? And will your glass shipments match that level of growth? Or are inventory levels such that you might be undershipping that level?","We’re looking for our glass shipments to be consistent to up slightly. So units will be negative in China in Q3, but area will be only slightly negative. We’re looking for area to be up in Q4 in China. And remember, there are Chinese holidays, again, in the later part of the year.",2,2,2,2,2,2,2,1,1,1,2,1
"I guess, Charlie, maybe just following up on Ross' question just on some of the seasonality on bookings. I think Jim mentioned that a lot of the off balance sheet backlog was booked in the fourth quarter. And given the stock's down because the sort of the absolute billings print, if I take into account, that a lot of those bookings were done in fourth quarter, did bookings actually accelerate from 3Q to 4Q? Because if most of that business was done in the fourth quarter, that would seem to be a reasonable assumption.","Yes, I mean bookings historically has always accelerated in our fourth quarter. As I said in my commentary, it's a very -- the pattern of the business has been very consistent year-over-year. The first quarter is the lowest; second quarter is a little bit better; third quarter's quite a bit better than the second quarter; and the fourth quarter usually booms. So we get back right back into the same pattern because of the recurring revenue nature of a subscription.",2,2,2,2,2,2,2,0,2,2,2,1
"Finally, the hurricane impact through the rest of the P&L, I know you called out the revenue and EPS impact, it's fair to assume probably there was some depressing effects on gross margin, if for no other reason than just slower throughput.","Basically, I would say that 99% of the impact was in the gross margin area as opposed to anything in the operating or SG&A area.",2,2,2,2,2,2,2,2,1,2,2,1
"Hi. It's John Roy in for Steve. Quickly on your profitability, obviously, it’s not going to come next quarter. Do you have any type of color you can give us on when it might be? And also, are you still seeing a 3x to 4x advantage in pricing even though with the discounting?
","So, John, this is Anup. On the question of getting to profitability, the way we’re thinking about it is the investments we’ve talked in the first half of the year for next year is going to lead to a decrease in leverage as compared to margins of this year. So, if you compare first-half to first-half, you'll see a decrease in leverage. We expect however the investment that we're making that Suresh articulated will have an impact starting the second half of next year and therefore we should get back to showing an improvement and leverage in the model in the second half of next year as compared to the second half of this year. Apart from that at this stage, we are not offering of any guidance in terms of the long-term sort of break even or the past profitability.",2,2,2,2,1,1,2,1,0,2,2,1
Good afternoon. Thanks for taking my questions. Also some questions on the Merus transaction. Is this loan a senior debt in their capital structure? Is there anything above it?,Senior.,2,2,2,2,2,2,0,1,1,1,2,1
And when – I am sorry…,"I'm not acquiring other company, yeah. We still prefer growing organically with our own engineering capability.",2,1,2,2,2,1,2,1,1,2,2,1
"And then just on the games POS, is that 30% growth rate versus 2019 a good two-year expectation as we move through the year? Is there something that could cause that to change?"," Yes, the team's really got an array of new games that are coming. We have really robust plans. In fact, already year to date, we have the No. 1 new game in the marketplace according to NPD, which is the Foosketball, and it's been really well received.
We have a number of new games in MONOPOLY and several new original games coming as well. So very strong plans for games for the year. And obviously, in Q2 and during this like eight-, 12-week period, we have a bit of a flip on POS. But really as we said, the underlying demand remains quite strong and our plans for the year really look good.",2,2,1,2,2,2,2,2,1,2,2,2
"I just had 2 questions. One is, what is your assumption for the second half with regard to the ticket size? Do you expect further improvement there?","Well, we look for our ticket to continue to trend positively, it has now really for a number of quarters. We think that the ticket continues to benefit from our shift to some more branded products and step up to higher price points.",2,2,2,2,2,2,2,1,1,1,2,1
"Thanks. Can I dive a little bit deeper into Mexico, are there any packaging requirements that the government is making on nutritional values or any concerns about the category and how that might impact the category?","Yeah, absolutely. So the government did put in place front of pack labeling changes in Mexico and that new packaging is now in the market and we are beginning to monitor the trends. We believe consumers know our category is a treat, they know it has sugar and so we expect that we'll see less impact from that than perhaps other categories will. But we will of course keep a close eye on that. And I would say, Mexico has been one of the harder hit developing markets relative to COVID. So we feel good about the progress we're seeing, but it's a little slower than some of the other markets.",2,2,2,2,2,1,2,1,1,2,2,1
"As you think about Synventive for a moment, how much -- if you back out the onetime costs for the transaction and inventory step-up, how accretive was it to 2012 versus what you anticipated? And how much accretion, on an incremental basis, are you factoring in for '13?","In general, we're very happy with the business. We think 6 months in, we're still -- there's no buyer's remorse.",0,0,1,0,1,2,2,0,0,0,2,2
"Then just one final one just to clarify, you guys are looking for year-over-year sales growth in the food distribution and military segments, is that on a 52 week comparable basis or does that include cycling the 53rd week?","Well, certainly on the 52 week basis is how we’re looking at that for the most part?",2,2,2,2,2,2,1,0,1,1,2,1
Just another question on that difficult year ago comparison from the snow storms last year. Do you think the Michigan retail comp could be positive in the first quarter?,"We really haven’t guided that. We indicated that Michigan was .9% for the year, that was the comps. We have also said that our comps are going to be slightly negative to slightly positive for the full year for the total retail enterprise. I would tell you that our expectation is that Michigan over performs that .9% comps in fiscal ’15 and we think we can get better performance in the Michigan retail than last year’s .9%, yet we’re cautious about guiding anything different than slightly negative to slightly positive for the entire retail base.",2,2,2,1,2,2,2,2,1,1,2,2
" So just in terms of your sales trends. So Rodney, you’ve cited some of the headwinds that you faced in the third quarter, the realignment by CCR in Canada and the Nitro sales being impacted. Could you quantify how much those were a drag in terms of your top line growth in the third quarter?",We – at this point I think we haven’t broken those out. Just trying to find something for you. I think the extra strength generally both in the North America were down about $4 million and works about $1.7 million. Just over – so perhaps $6 million for those two and the impact on sales in Canada – trying to find that figure for you Judy. I think was somewhere in the region of about $12 million.,2,2,1,2,2,1,2,2,1,1,2,1
"Plugging that into pretty much what's being said over here, there's likely $30 million of cash generation from the current business over the next 12 months and including the $630 million that's already in the balance sheet right now after the refi, you pretty much accounted for a potential $10 million of stock purchases, $10 million pay down of debt, that leaves $40 million that seem to be a tremendous amount of cash compared to historical. So while, obviously, you've outlined a lot of things, I mean, is that the kind of cash balance necessary to have at the company? Or is that just because of potential growth or acquisitions? I mean, what is that -- what is the use for that kind of a cash hoard?","Okay, so I mean, obviously, we want to have flexibility in our working capital needs, so that's critical. We are dedicated to being sort of the highest fill rates in the industry. We like to target between 98% and 100% fill rates. So inventory is key right now. We are making sure that we have, especially for our customers, so that they can see when they take us on with new product lines, that there's more than adequate liquidity to address any issues in launching a new product line. So having liquidity on our balance sheet is part of marketing, it's part of our marketing.",2,2,1,2,2,2,2,2,1,2,2,1
" Hi, thanks a lot. Good afternoon, guys. I guess couple of questions from me as well. When I look at the fiscal ‘18 guide, which you guys are talking about the Q1 historically, Q1 is the kind of about 20% to 23% of full year EPS and implications about 17.5%, so it seems like a much more back end loaded year than normal. Could you just talk about what other lever that give you comfort that back half will be so much better and is it all really around the restructuring initiative, is it different levers of growth vector that you have in the back half that give you confidence here?","And I think you mentioned that but just it’s important to note that the number of these acquisitions when we acquired them, were actually losing money and so we have now worked that of and I think virtually all of them will be accretive in 2018.
",1,1,1,1,1,1,2,0,1,1,2,0
"Do you think it'll be kind of May, June economy will be reopened, you’ll have some reasonable comparisons and then you'll get a sense for what the run rate of the business is?","Yes, I think you're going to - it might take longer than that, Michael. We started comping up pretty good in May and June. We kind of in the fall season, we peaked I think August, September, Jack, 45, 47 or something like that in the core business. Okay, yes. So we kind of peaked in there and then we had a bit of a slowdown in the Q4 period and some of that in Q4 we had more kind of clearance merchandise that we were moving through last year. So that that probably brought our growth rates down a bit year-over-year. We just had more stuff. We were transitioning some of our floors and other things. So we had some things that we were moving through that gave us a little extra revenue. But yes, I think that the real question Michael is this kind of accelerated lift that started the last two weeks of January, right? The last two weeks of January, we started to see an acceleration up into the 50s and 60s. And then it went into the 70s in February and a then the first two weeks of March into the 90s. And that's kind of unexplainable, right? But this is how we think about it. We think about it more, for instance, percentage lift, we look at the dollar trend of the business. So we got a dollar trend of the business and the dollar trend of the business unless there’s a real economic move here like if nothing happens, my sense is the dollar trend of the business could soften in the second half but I don’t think it’s going to collapse, right? And I think that that’s probably other people in the home business are looking at that and saying like, yes, the dollar the trend might swing 10, 15 points maybe up to 20. So, I sit here and if I - we roll this dollar trend out, we think it's the year could be unbelievable, right? But we think there's going to be some kind of slowdown. It's not so much the comp slowdown, it's the dollar trend. The dollar trend right now is much higher than last year's dollar trend when we were running up 40, right? Like in February, March, right? So that that means it could be a really good year for everybody in the home sector and that that might just mean some people like the headline and like stronger for longer, I don’t know if that one is yours or someone but someone's got the stronger for longer thing and I think that could be true. This thing could carry us through 2021 and it could go through 2022, none of us know. Like we're not building a cost structure for that, we’re going to stay inside our company like cost chase sales, don't ever have sales chase costs you'll always be behind. And I think the other positive people are going to get out of this is for the most part, I don't think too many companies are building the cost structure based on the trend. So everybody's going to get kind of more leverage during this period time. So but we're all trying to figure it out. I mean, we're all trying to figure it out and just - for us, it’s just understanding where is our fundamental business with or without a pandemic, so we can think long term and invest long term and kind of be ambivalent about the pandemic kind of, like, we’re ambivalent between online or store or whatnot. We don’t care about the channels. We really shouldn’t care about the pandemic. We need to look through the pandemic and pass this pandemic to invest intelligently for the future.
",1,2,1,2,1,2,2,2,1,2,2,2
"Okay. And with relates to kind of the next wave of MoCA and beyond, multi-room DVR, it seems like MoCA as a technology really cornered the market here in the US But kind of the IP delivery side, I guess there is kind of other technologies that have started taking off, it's WiFi et cetera. I mean, what needs to happen or what and when it needs to happen, do you think that MoCA really starts going into that next phase?","I think that this is specifically in the over the top video delivery service market so as multiple components in the third wave of growth. The first one is kind of the over the top opportunity, the second one is the move of traditional pay TV service providers from the current video delivery mechanism, the modern IP-based video delivery, and then the third components are really international. So, on the over the top feeds, I think you are seeing WiFi as being kind of the predominant technology out there today. We are really in the early adopter market for that part of the business and I think the focus right now in over the top pay TV service providers is first and foremost to get their application embedded in as many consumer electronic products is possible. So if you look at the Netflix streaming service as an example, they are now in PS3, they are in Xbox 360, they're now even in Wii. Vizio [ph] announced at CES that they are now in most of the major branded TV manufactures, with the exception I think of Panasonic and Sony. So that's kind of the first and foremost objective is given in as many platforms as possible. The second thing that they are focused on is to get the consumer to at least use the service once. And as it turns out, if you include WiFi as opposed to just including an Ethernet jack, the attach rate of people actually trying the service at least once is about 2X. So, WiFi definitely provides that immediate benefit of saying, okay, somebody is going to try the service, at least use it and see how it goes. The disadvantage of WiFi is really going to be evidenced as you start moving through the mainstream part of the market where the quality expectations of video are basically set, and the bar is set by their current incumbent pay-TV service providers. So, just start having more streaming sports content and more things where people have a quality viewing experience get us back on the use of services, unless you have a high quality FatPipe that delivers the video quality very reliably. I think that's going to take a couple of years and that's when MoCA really starts to get additional traction. We did start having initial conversations with TV set manufactures. These are obviously confidential customer discussions, so I can't mention customer names, but where TV set manufacturers are starting to come to us about plans to embed MoCA in TV sets over time. In a similar timeframe, we see the potential of incumbent pay-TV service providers like DIRECTV with our view moving to more of the same client architecture which also has the potential to push MoCA into TV sets, and also in a similar timeframe like in Northern Europe, where there is coax infrastructure and Europe will really lag the US in both DVR and HDTV deployment by a couple of years. We see an opportunity for MoCA to deploy there. So we see multiple things happening that drive that with the biggest factor being this IP video distribution and the need for quality of service.",2,2,1,2,1,1,2,2,1,2,2,2
"Hi, good morning. Just a couple of housekeeping things. Steve, on the HITECH payment that you receive and that you breakout in the supplemental tables, I think it’s actually called revenue, but I just want to make sure that being netted in the other operating expense line, that’s not in the revenue line, correct?","No, it is on the revenue line, Gary.",2,2,0,2,0,0,2,0,1,1,2,1
"Oh, that could be my assumption, I assume that or something. What were the maintenance contacts that were lost and what were the reasons.","Just attrition. We have attrition and we've had attrition through the years. We’ll have customers that will just no longer decide to pay maintenance because they really haven't had any maintenance issues quite frankly. Some of our OEM customers in particular that do not change bills that do not update because it's embedded in a device or in a particular product that almost like firmware that doesn't change will decide not to pay maintenance and it just really natural turnover and that's what we experienced. Some of it also is, as we move to SaaS, as you know, the line maintenance line will decrease as well just naturally over time. But there were no -- nothing material in the context of something to be alarmed about or anything that was unnatural. We didn't lose a customer, a large customer per se or anything like that or a large contract.",2,2,1,1,1,1,2,1,2,1,2,1
"Thanks again. Question about the JV Mechanics. If I’m reading the numbers from the press release correctly, the amount of cash that was funneled back up to you at TAP was about $59 million versus equity income of $106.5 million. Is there anything unusual about this particular period, any reason we shouldn’t be thinking that from quarter to quarter at least typically you’re going to be getting all the cash flow back to you? I guess part of the answer has to do with CapEx that occurs there at the JV. But how are you thinking about the relationship between what you get back and what the JV actually generates?","Thanks for that question, Mark. It’s a complicated question only because obviously the JV is going through a period of trying to drive those synergies. We’re been pretty clear that to achieve the $500 million in synergies they’re going to have to spend about $450 million. That doesn’t come in any sort of erasable way. I can tell you from a shareholder, as a shareholder of the JV, we are in a place where we are looking to get the cash from our joint venture as rapidly as possible. We do have a process that we go through each month, which looks to minimize any cash that’s actually held at the JV. So to the extent that we don’t get cash it’s because we’re putting the cash to good use in the joint venture itself to drive those synergies.",2,2,2,2,2,2,2,2,1,0,2,1
"Thank you, good morning gentlemen. I guess, the first thing I would ask you is, if you look at the quarter and you look at the gross margins were real solid on the contracting services side, is there anything abnormal. Obviously there is a workload which is abnormal but from a profitability perspective is there anything sort of abnormal in there, that would make this sort of an unsustainably high level?","Steve, you’re referring the contracting services?",1,0,1,1,1,1,0,1,1,0,2,1
"First, can you talk a little bit about the M&A landscape as you talked about driving growth. At your Analyst Day, you highlighted about a dozen smaller-sized M&A opportunities, where do you stand in that process? And which verticals seem the most promising, and which verticals seem the least promising?","Thank, Fritz. So I think on Analyst Day, I think we outlined some of the areas where we believe there are M&A opportunities. I'd say we still continue to believe that coal logistics add-ons are likely the most feasible in the short run. And we don't comment on specific initiatives, but we are very active in this area. Looking at a number of opportunities really around the terminalling business or logistics -- or coal infrastructure assets, more generally. Beyond coal logistics, I'd say we do have an interest in certain cokemaking acquisitions, but we think these are likely to be episodic over time. And then finally, on the ferrous front, we recently received the ruling on beneficiation and pelletizing. We have submitted the ruling on DRI, we're awaiting dispensation on that. And we believe there are opportunities there, but I think those will take a bit longer to achieve.",2,2,1,2,2,1,2,2,2,1,2,1
"Yes. Good afternoon guys. First a quick one. The corporate line in the new segment data, why did assets drop 21%?",That’s cash.,0,0,0,0,0,0,2,2,1,1,2,1
Hey good afternoon. Thank you for taking my questions and congratulations on a nice quarter. So first I wanted to ask about the network product portfolio. I know you're not breaking out the revenue that way. But your commentary was that you saw a growth across all your categories. I just wondered did that include the legacy networking products that have been in decline? And if you could provide some color on what you're seeing with that product category?,"Thanks David. Yes, we did see some growth that was more modest compared to other product lines, but there were some modest growth that we saw in network not outside as has happened in some other reporting periods.",2,2,2,2,2,2,2,1,1,1,2,1
Could you at least clarify which particular revenue line items enjoyed lift from FailSafe? Was it simply the subscription revenue or was it elsewhere?,It’s both license revenue and service revenue.,2,2,2,2,2,2,2,2,1,1,2,1
"And finally, Steve, can you quickly just clarify the guidance? Is R&D higher than what you thought 90 days ago rolled into the guidance? And taxes as well, if you can clarify, is that higher in your expectation?","No, Joe, R&D is generally in line with the original guidance and the tax rate, with it increasing in the remainder of the year, and the tax rate is consistent with the guidance with the exception of the R&D tax credit, which, from a non-GAAP basis, we did not bring into Q1. But for our full year, non-GAAP tax rate, we're assuming that, that does get approved for 2014. If that is the case, we'll recognize in the quarter in which it was approved.",2,2,1,2,2,1,2,2,1,2,2,1
" Thank you very much. I wanted to dig a bit more into the issues on the sales side and how they sort of came to the forefront and obviously what you’re doing to mitigate them, but then also just want to think about as you go through and really revamp your sales structure and collapse level that you talked about during the Analyst Day, what are you doing to make sure that you don’t see softness in revenue around that shift? Thank you.","Outside the U.S. sales front is radically simplify in our comp plans. So we went from say 400s or so type of comp plans down to 25 core plans or so, so folks will be very focused. We simplified that. We think that will be helpful as well.",2,2,2,2,2,2,2,0,1,2,1,1
"And then just to put context on China here. It sounds like the trend line is sequentially improving each over the last couple of quarters. Maybe just talk about – a little bit about, what the environment feels like? What customers are saying to you in confidence that that's sustainable?","Well, it's definitely tough, right? We're slugging it out and part of it is winning new customers, part of it is new product development launch and then the balance is recurring business. So, what feels good about it is, the team is really loving to continue to pursue the orders has been successful to date, margins have stabilized and improved. So from all the input from the team, it feels really good. Like I said though, we're chasing orders. It's – I don't see it as a recovery. I see it as being in best position to win, but incrementally, it's a bit better.",1,1,1,1,1,2,2,2,1,2,2,2
"This is Josh for Mike. Congrats on the strong quarter. So just starting off, now that you have got the SKU optimization program close to where you wanted to be. How should we think about the long-term growth rate for IoT product and services revenue?","Yes, Josh it’s a really nice question. We expect the growth rate to be 5% to 10%. We are aiming for the higher end of that range, certainly aspirationally, we think that the mix is in that 5% to 10%. The growth of our stronger products will more than outweigh the growth of the products that are more mature.",2,2,2,2,2,2,2,2,1,2,2,2
"Okay. And just really focusing, once again circling back on the value-added manufactured products. And as you continue to develop this more and build momentum in that business, what types of customers – and really, kind of want to get a better sense of regions and types of projects you're seeing greater acceptance. And where do you think that business can be, not just next year, but two to three years from now as a percentage of your total sales?
","One of the challenges we've had on that point is that with the growth in commodities, it's sort of been hiding the fact that we have been growing our manufactured products quite well. But that will prove itself out over time.
",0,0,1,0,0,1,2,1,1,2,2,2
Thanks. And then I want to go back to a something in your guidance that you said. You said that gross margin to normalize above 26% in fourth quarter. I wonder what do you mean by normalize you're talking about in for Q4 are you talking about more of a longer term run or you think you you're going to stay above it that 26% level?,"Yes, both of those. So, we've talked about in the past, people have frequently asked us what is normal. You guys talk about gross margin impacts due to commodity fluctuations, but what's at app our current and then based on the current prices, which is important part of the equation always but we think it's about 26. We were a little cautious as we bond throughout the year that to snap that line, because we wanted to see where things have settled. But as we work through the year, we think that's a good guide for everyone that based on current commodity prices, it's not 25 as normal in the fourth quarter and going forward we think normal is over 26.",2,2,2,2,2,2,2,2,2,0,2,1
You’re not going to show a very large improvement.,"Yeah. Now I think anything financially be a bit better than the first half, but not, while it’ll be better than the first half but I think our focus is really set on pursuing the strategic options for it.",1,1,1,1,1,1,1,0,1,1,1,0
That’s helpful. And then I have a follow-up which relates to your inventory. You guys are quickly reducing your inventory to get to your goal of $1 billion reduction at retail. Should we expect any more markdowns or I should say write-downs to reach that goal over the next 18 months?,"This is Mary. No, I think we believe that where we are with the write-down we’re taking this quarter, it covers the full $1 billion of inventory. So now our work will just be to accelerate the process of actually getting it out of our stores.",2,2,2,2,2,2,2,1,0,0,2,2
"Would you expect the gross margin to grow this year, Don?",We still expect it to grow modestly.,2,2,2,2,2,2,2,0,1,2,0,2
"Got it. And then how about the growth next year, just any color or quantification you could provide, if possible?
",Growth on sales force?,0,0,0,0,0,1,2,1,1,1,2,1
"Thank you. David, I just had a couple of questions. I wanted to follow up on what you were just saying to Mark about security and analytics. Is there any data you could share with us thus far on what up-sell has looked like of those types of offerings? And how you see it kind of helping, I guess, ARPU, if you will, on a per customer basis? And then also, just in terms of the pace of conversions from the first licenses or the short-term capacity licenses that you guys had in the beginning of the year, when you're thinking about your forecast for calendar 2021, which you gave from a revenue perspective, how much does that play into it? And are there expectations that you can share with us about the conversions? Thank you.","Yes. I'd repeat something that Arlen said just a minute ago, and that was that we are running programs, of course, that will start the end of this year, but it's really more of a Q1, Q2 phenomenon. The intent there is to convert those licenses to SaaS. And so those would have less of a recognized revenue impact into 2021, but we certainly expect that we'll be able to convert a good portion of those, and that's just based on early conversations, customer usage data, et cetera. But again, because they're converting from what had been largely recognized upfront to a longer-term subscription, it's a relatively muted benefit that will just flow in over time.",2,1,1,1,1,1,2,2,1,1,1,2
"And then, I guess, Tom, can you just discuss the rationale for the lower leverage target? I mean, I obviously heard the comments earlier, so I appreciate that. But if you could maybe just kind of provide a little bit more color on the move. And then I know in the past, the leverage target has had a little bit of flexibility, with the statement that you could be above or below that target at any one time. I guess if you could just provide how we should be thinking about the new one of 2 to 2.25, 2.75. And then I just have one follow-up as well.","Sure. I think if you -- some of the things that we talked about this morning, our business is not as capital-intensive as it used to be. And I think that's the same for all of our competitors. So I think there's one place where you're not going to see our CapEx go beyond where it is today. I mean, if asset-light is becoming more and more. We've got $1 billion that we outsource today that, quite frankly, we don't believe we get credit from investors on the equity side for what we're doing there from a sourcing standpoint that we provide to our customers within our bundled approach. So we feel pretty good as far as what our outflows are going to be as it relates to capital expenditures. I think the deals that are out there today or that could be out there today in our marketplace, from where we sit, from our position of strength, we believe they'd be delevering deals at this point. As we've provided, again, that the property that we're looking at is someone that has the characteristics that we look for, whether it's cost, capacity or customers. We think right now that those transactions that would be there would not result in, long term, going past the guardrails that we've proposed to you today. So in the past, I've told you -- we've said, hey, it could go up or it could go down. Yes, that always could be the case, but this is where -- we never want to be a group that tells you that we're doing something that we can't do. A number of you had criticized me for not saying why aren't you going to be at 2 to 2.5. And we will eventually, at some point in time in our lifetime, we'll get there. But right now, I think that the best way for us to operate this particular platform is that we gradually bring it down, and I think we've demonstrated to you again, like we've demonstrated to you other things that we've said we'd do, we follow through on that. So as we sit here today, we think that will be -- that's the right target for us and where we're headed.",2,2,2,2,2,1,2,2,1,2,2,2
"Okay, was it the Toro brand or can be…","I am sorry. Yes, only it was the Toro rear wheel drive mowers only.",2,2,1,2,2,2,2,1,1,1,2,1
"Okay. And the other promising data that we have from the esophageal and the head and neck at what point does that those two -- I mean, what point do you move those programs forward, I understand I mean, you are basically conserving cash and putting everything in the pancreatic program. But, at the expense of not moving couple of other pretty promising data in some other areas?","The general feeling is we need to get the ball across go line with pancreatic, that’s very important for shareholder value and we agree with you, the other data are very exciting, which you also made a very good point. There is limited signs and those fronts need to be focused on making sure we are successful in pancreatic, we’ve done a reasonable job of engaging others in support of the trial, NIH has been helpful in rectal and head/neck. We want to continue that and then of course are thinking about partners would be an excellent way to expand the activity in other indications. So, Doug and his team is very focused on being sure that we have the option with partners to potentially expand utility in esophageal rectal head/neck and other cancers.",2,2,2,1,1,1,2,2,1,2,2,1
Okay. So do you – are they in line with that flat to plus 2% or is that something you don’t know yet?,"Well, the flat to plus 2% is retails. What we’ve said on guidance for Snowmobile was down 4% to down 6%.",1,2,1,2,1,0,0,0,1,2,1,1
"Your philosophy is always welcome. Jack, a really quick one. Actually this one is 73% and 96% demand growth translate. And then we have - we're now in the part where the stores were closed. What - to at least 50% revenue growth, is that due to poor congestion or lack of inventory? It seems like the spread between those two numbers would be tighter.","Yes. Well look, you're going to see the same dynamics in terms of the supply chain constraints. And for the same reasons that the demand growth exceeded revenue growth in Q3 and Q4 were with the strength and business you're going to continue to see that in Q1 and the potential acceleration given the strength and acceleration in demand.",1,2,2,2,1,2,2,1,1,2,2,1
" Hey. Good morning, everyone. Thanks for taking the question. Just wanted to tag on to one of Brad's questions from earlier on differentials. How should we think about the WCS discount widening out from here with I guess Canadian production ramping up later this year? And just more broadly how you're thinking about heavy differentials in 2018 with potential for OPEC maybe ease up on the production cut?"," Yeah. We're obviously watching the same thing and I think you've probably seen that – well, certainly during 2017, the heavy Canadian differentials have been fairly narrow and there's been – there still has been a lot of demand in the Gulf Coast for those barrels that's helping to drive that differential in. But with the increase in production that's coming on late this year and into next year, we've already seen those differentials that have started to widen. And again, MPC is in tremendous shape in order to take advantage of that additional supply, both in our Midwest system as well as on the Gulf Coast. So we do expect to see better heavy crude diffs in 2018 than we did in 2017. From the – when you start looking at the medium sours, generally the OPEC crudes, it's fairly clear that the Saudis and OPEC are working hard to bring the global petroleum back into balance. That's happening, inventories are coming down. We would expect to see continued pressure on the sour diffs until we get to the point where OPEC starts to put more crude into the market. And as that is the case, then we'll optimize, as we talked about earlier, with sweeter crudes. But the opportunity in 2018 right now – early on certainly looks to be with heavier crudes.",2,2,2,2,2,2,2,2,1,2,2,1
"So I guess, first question is on the turns business. So were you surprised at the magnitude of turns in the quarter? And could you have even done more?","Yes. Surprised is a term of art because we always, in our manufacturing model, put in enough upside capacity to deal with some amount of surprise or pull-ins. And in this case, the customers were pulling hard to get a little bit ahead of some of the ramp of silicon for some product launches coming soon. And on the Semiconductor Test side, we actually exhausted not all but quite a significant portion of our upside. So it would have been hard for us to do much more in SemiTest than we did. On some of the other segments, we did still have some dry powder. We could have done more. We didn't need to. But that's a position we're in pretty much every quarter. When we're in a peak quarter like we are in the second quarter and third quarter months, we can have, depending -- if the mix hits right, anywhere from $50 million to $100 million of upside. And in a trough month or trough quarter, we might have $150 million of upside. But that's how we've been running the business now for 4 years, and it helped us really be responsive. And it's part of why I believe we've been able to move market share.",2,2,2,2,2,2,2,2,1,2,2,1
"And because of the endpoint change, would there be any potential for the data to come any earlier?","We would hope so because if we were able to switch to progression-free survival, it leaves with substantial decrease in sample size from 350 down to the range of 200, 220. That would still make this a very large trial in this disease, in this patient population. So it would still be a very robust data set. And we're going to be in the process, as we said, about getting additional EU sites now that we're also launching the drug commercially in the EU, and hoping that those EU sites will help us boost accruals so that we could complete the study more quickly than under the current design. With regards to the GI adverse events, the most common side effects are diarrhea, the second is nausea. These GI side effects tend to occur within the first month of treatment. So 89% of the patients that have been exposed to pacritinib had experienced some diarrhea within the first month. Because there's an opportunity to assess early, these patients. And in the clinical protocols, the patients will be contacted by their sites and asked, if they're using a formal script, whether or not there's any change in the GI symptoms. And that will allow the sites to give them specific instructions with regards to what additional medications they will take. It will also be given at the time they start the medication, a prescription for IMODIUM or some comparable anti-diarrheal, and with the instructions to start taking that medication in the event that they have any problems. So those patients whom the clinicians are concerned about, if the possible risk of diarrhea might seem to be higher or the responsiveness of the patients to taking medicine might be decreased, those patients could be instructed to take the IMODIUM prophylactically just as they start the therapy. This kind of aggressive management was not done in Phase I, understandably, because it was trying to elucidate the toxicity profile of the drug overall. So it's only as you get to the Phase II experience that you start to see a difference in terms of the presentation of GI side effects. The most recent example we have from publication would be the lymphoma study that is published in the Journal of Clinical Oncology in September in which patients with lymphoma were dosed with pacritinib up to 600 milligrams, well above our 400-milligram per day dose in myelofibrosis. No Grade 3 or 4 GI toxicities were observed. So the GI toxicity is predictable. It's on target due to FLT3 and it's well managed by standard agents that the clinicians and patients are both very familiar with.",1,2,1,1,1,2,1,2,0,1,2,0
"My question is on the sale of the eOne Music business. I'm just wondering, was this an alternative that you had planned on before the eOne acquisition in the summer of 2019? You certainly got a healthy deal multiple, 3.2 times revenue, or was this more of an opportunistic sale given a very healthy deal market? Any color would be interesting."," Well, I'll comment and let Deb comment. Look, we -- from very early on, we received a lot of interest in the business. As soon as it was announced, if you remember the headlines around all these different music labels that eOne had as well, juxtapose to some of our brands, and it was really a lot of conversation and a lot of interest. We ran a very robust process.
And we had a number of parties, more than 10 parties interested in the business during the process. And so ultimately, we really think we found the right partnership. The team is really well positioned with the buyer and this opportunity. We'll continue to work with them on several brands for music supervision and some of our music for fair number of years because they are so good at what they do.
And so again, it was a really robust process. It wasn't that we were contemplating a sale, but we had the interest from the very beginning.",1,2,1,2,1,1,2,2,1,2,2,1
"I just was going through a scorecard of what you guys have accomplished in the last three years where your book values increased from like 7.25 to 11.50. You’ve paid down debt and you’ve done a really nice job. In prior years, it looks like when you’ve had losses they’ve mainly been below the line items, intangibles or acquisitions or shutting down divisions. So as I look forward – and I’m just projecting this out, with lower interest expense going forward now that your debt is lower, it appears that the company could throw off $600 million in net income in five years, and you have a $600 million market cap today. And I realize you have about $400 million in net debt. So I guess my question is, if the company continues to generate this sort of earnings in a flat environment, one, what level of debt would you like to get the company down to; and then two, what do you start to do with the free cash flow? And I’m not necessarily asking you to back the free cash flow numbers or the net income numbers I’m giving, but at some point, the amount of cash you’re generating relative to your market cap starts to become ridiculous. And I don’t think analysts are assuming any sort of assumptions with those cash flows in their forward models when they give 4x and 5x earnings multiples to your stock.","Yeah. Thanks, Rich. I appreciate the observations and comments. With respect to your question on target debt and our plans over the next – longer period, I’d say five years or so, we haven’t put a specific target out there. Obviously the last – probably even the last decade, one of the key goals of the company has been to deleverage, and we’ve made a lot of progress on that over the last three years. If you go back to the recession, the gross leverage peaked at something over 8, and I think if you do the calculation now you’ll see it’s around 3. I believe that we’re in a new equilibrium at this stage. We certainly have some appetite for continuing to deleverage, but we can make opportunistic decisions in terms of what we choose to do going forward. So – and by that, what I mean is we’ll make good capital allocation decisions. There may be times when it makes sense to repurchase more debt and there may be times when it makes sense to repurchase shares, there may be times when there are small strategic acquisitions that make sense and are synergistic with our strategy. So I really do believe we’re in a new equilibrium now. I, again, can’t say what our plan is over the next five years, but if you look at the last five years, as you noted, we’ve generated a lot of cash, and we think we’ll be able to continue to generate cash going forward. And I think we can make some good decisions here over the next few years that will really benefit shareholders. And I guess the final comment I would make is, on your observation, I agree with you, I find it remarkable that our company trades below book value with our ability to generate cash, and I think at some point in time, the market will catch up with that.",2,2,2,2,2,2,2,2,0,1,2,2
"Yes. Thanks very much. I have two questions, please. First, could you just discuss the bar that Bristol-Myers set in first-line melanoma with the combination of Opdivo plus Yervoy? Just so we have that in context ahead of the LAG's readout ahead.
And then, second, could you provide a framework for Zeposia sales drivers in coming years in both the U.S. and ex-U.S.? Thanks very much.
","Yeah, thanks for the question, David. The way to look at it, though, as Chris mentioned earlier, there's still a large number of patients who are treated with either single agent I-O or through non-I-O regimens. So yes, O plus Y is a very important regimen, has shown very important efficacy and long-term effects and maintenance of that effect and so therefore, it becomes important. What we are now bringing is an additional, let's say, treatment potential for patients who can be treated, who have melanoma in the first-line setting with relatlimab on top of nivolumab as a single agent.
And that's the reason why we're excited about this, to be able to add to the treatment paradigm for prescribers and for patients to potentially use in the future once approved in this particular setting. One has to remember that we are also talking about the safety profile and its differentiation over here. So relatlimab plus nivolumab, therefore, becomes an important aspect of the treatment paradigm looking at the future.
",1,2,1,1,1,1,2,1,1,1,2,2
Good afternoon and thank you for taking the question. I have to two really. We've talked for years about a movement towards the ASC. Are you seeing that accelerate or the same or is there any color that you can put around that?,"Yes Joanne, I mean we've talked about this before. We certainly, the pandemic did create an acceleration of a trend that was already starting with regards to the shift in ASC and we would expect that to continue. We feel very strong about our offense and very good about our offense that we have with regard to the ASC and really being able to bring and leverage the full power of our product portfolio in that setting. So we're very comfortable with that shift and certainly believe that we have the products to satisfy that shift and really be able to take advantage of that trend.",2,2,2,2,2,2,2,2,1,2,2,2
" Okay. I don’t know what have the operator kind of came in and cut me off there. The new products are sequentially flat from last quarter. So why is that? Kurt Busch Sure. So new products were flat, but quarter-over-quarter and reps are pretty encouraged by that, because we've seen a good amount of weakness in capital spending and most of those new products are in the enterprise space where that weakness of capital spending has been occurring. The weakness we see in specific is North America enterprise capital spending. And the fact that we’re able to achieve just, I’d say, flat new products quarter-on-quarter, I chop that up as a win, because we did see a pretty good decrease in the legacy enterprise businesses quarter-on-quarter.","Sure. So new products were flat, but quarter-over-quarter and reps are pretty encouraged by that, because we've seen a good amount of weakness in capital spending and most of those new products are in the enterprise space where that weakness of capital spending has been occurring. The weakness we see in specific is North America enterprise capital spending. And the fact that we’re able to achieve just, I’d say, flat new products quarter-on-quarter, I chop that up as a win, because we did see a pretty good decrease in the legacy enterprise businesses quarter-on-quarter.

",2,2,2,2,2,2,2,1,2,2,2,2
"And is that due to wheel hubs or the new product developments that we were just talking about, David?",Due to wheel hubs.,2,2,2,2,2,2,2,0,1,2,2,1
"Then on the backend of that business on the supply side and efficiencies there, especially as you combine your wholesaling management as well as the military sourcing, maybe you could talk about the opportunities on the backend?","I think we have in the past year actually done a very nice job bringing the core SpartanNash merchandising and procurement team into a tighter working relationship with the MDV supply chain. We’ve already begun to see some benefits of that and part of that is just in the way we go to market as we talk to our customers in the space which, as you know, are the really the CPGs. I think we’re well on the way to using the full width and breadth of our offer to grow that military business.",2,2,1,2,2,2,2,1,1,2,2,1
"Thanks. Good morning. Just two questions from me if I could. First one on the funnel expansion, you mentioned some decisions by some customers to move to outsourcing. Could you expand on what drove that decision? Whether it was something that was already in the works or maybe if there was a change in thinking due to circumstances, and then I had to follow-up?","Yes. This is Steve. In some of these challenging times, I think customers do question their supply chain strategies more. And so I think the conversations we’re having right now are things that customers were considering, but I think the COVID situation is pushing them to move a little bit quicker. So not a big strategic shift on – I mean, a big strategic shift on their part, but I think the timing of COVID is just helping expedite things.",2,2,2,2,2,2,2,0,1,1,2,1
"Patrick and Pierre, thanks very much for your time. Patrick, [indiscernible] is still looking very well. Two, if I might as well. I wanted to start with Russia. We've been hugely successful. And the value of the assets has obviously increased considerably. But so too is obviously the value of the cash flows. I just wondered if you could give us an indication of what's the dividend that you now received or expect to receive from Novatek? What's the benefit if you can provide it that you derive from the volumes that you take from Yamal LNG? And I think most importantly, what cash flows or equity cash flows has the company actually received now from the Yamal LNG plant or to what extent are they still directed paying down debt? And second, if I might, probably for you, Jean-Pierre, is just -- when I look at the associate line in iGRP, how much of that now is coming from liquefaction? And how much of the associate line ballpark percentage is coming from the power business or the integrated renewable business?","Perhaps on equity affiliate contributions, I do not have a specific figure from LNG but globally at the level of the group, 21% of our result is coming from equity affiliates contribution.

At present time, of course, the main part is coming from LNG. For sure. I mentioned that renewable and electricity, we start seeing contribution 20%, 21% around $600 million or $700 million. Of course, it will grow in the future. So at present time, out of the 20%, 21% result coming from equity affiliates, most of the contribution came from LNG for obvious reason. It is Yamal and these type of businesses, of course.",1,1,1,1,1,1,2,2,1,2,2,2
"Thank you. Good morning or good afternoon, gentlemen. Patrick, you mentioned about Suriname that you may be able to identify the oil development by the end of the year. So what exactly we have to do in order for us to reach that space? How far we are from reaching that kind of decision? And the second point is that on -- second question, on the LNG sales mix that the page in your presentation, it looked like about 40%, 45% of the sales is in spot. So we assume that volume is totally linked to the spot LNG price or that they are still, to a large part, linked to the long-term oil prices.","So Suriname is just drilling. We need to appraise. We have several discoveries. We have a plan. I think we have 1, 2, 3 wells to drill in order to confirm. I mean, we have 3 -- next 3 wells on the self-run pole where we have many different discoveries. I think with the 3 wells we will comfort us capacity to -- again, you know the point is that we are targeting enough oil pool to avoid -- to have -- to find a solution for commercialization of the gas which might be tricky and delay everything. So there are 3 wells for me coming and we intend to drill them, all of them by '22. So I think it's why I was answering end of '22 I hope we'll have high things plan. And I would say, the self-run pole because then we explore on the north as well of the block. But where we have made discoveries mainly on the southern part of the block. For me, after these 3 wells, we have a clarity of what can be done and the size of it engaging towards development. So that's the point where I am today. If I had to explain you all details, it could take 2 hours because there are plenty of cases, assumptions, etcetera. So we need to drill. Second and we find hydrocarbon [indiscernible] don't worry. But the question is of which oil, of which gas, etcetera.

So on the other part, yes, you are right. It's a 60% long-term and 40% spot. Spot is pure spot. I mean spot is 2 things, in fact. In the spot volume, you have 10 million tons, let's say, as a round figure which is 20% is old deals [ph] which are spot deals which means we have the vessels, we have the LNG tankers and we buy spot and we sell spot and we make small money on the difference between buying arbitrating. But it's a pure spot. And then in our portfolio of the marketing team, there are contracts which are linked to spot indicator, I would say, either JKM or NBP. And these ones are not oil linked. If they oil linked, they are more in the long-term part. I'm speaking under the eyes of Stephane. If I made a mistake, you raise your -- it's okay? It's okay. So the answer is right. That's my answer.",2,2,1,2,1,1,2,2,1,1,2,2
"Charlies, I want to just follow up on some of the international trends. You obviously alluded to some of the changes in the political and economic backdrop over there, but can you just share more insight in terms of what you're seeing?","Charlie, what I forgot when the question was asked, are we selling other assets, in my mind, I had already assumed that the situation in Japan had closed and it has been announced, and it has. And you might want to say something about that.",0,0,1,0,0,1,1,1,1,1,1,1
41% tax rate moving forward is what we could use at this point?,"Yes, we’re comfortable with that, yes.",2,0,2,2,2,2,2,1,1,1,2,1
"Right. We're currently running at around $4 million or so, is that correct?","Yes, quarterly, we're a little bit over $4 million, about $4.2 million -- $4.1 million, $4.2 million.",2,2,2,2,2,2,2,2,1,1,2,1
"Well let me ask it this way. Is that value increasing because of the emergence of new digital networks and services, like over the top networks, or in spite of them?","And I guess, yeah, I'm not sure, you could argue both, I think it’s like the TV and sort of go back of a value of a bundle. I mean, I could argue and I would argue today, the TV experience is a much richer one and much more rewarding one for consumers who get choice all the time in an array of things more ways to access the products, more technologies get put out there, so I think it is sort of it is a richer experience but I think equally you could end up saying it's sort of hits. As you get more choice, the hits just become more unique and more important but and I probably argue probably either. I’d argue it from the left or the right, it’s sort of a glass half full, glass half empty I think.",1,1,1,1,1,1,2,1,1,1,1,1
"And that's on pricing? I was really kind of focusing on just kind of what you're seeing from an inflation standpoint for those categories. Are you saying it's been flattish from a pricing standpoint for you?
","Oh, no. Sorry. That was from a gross margin standpoint. So what price increases we have gotten, we've done a good job of getting those passed on.",0,0,0,0,0,1,2,2,1,2,2,2
"Okay. That's helpful. And then, if we saw housing starts in 2019, say, flat or maybe even slightly down, I'm assuming your earnings might get impacted if that played out. But I'm curious as to how your free cash flow might react. And I realize you're not giving 2019 guidance, and that ties into the working capital question, which I know ties in the commodity price changes and all those things. But, again, from a very high level, I'm trying to think about the leverage targets you have in time, and obviously if EBITDA goes down, that, everything being equal, raises leverage, but I'm curious about the free cash flow component.
","Well, I would say that I think our guide is pretty consistent at least on the working capital side. I think that 9% to 10% of incrementals is a fair expectation for us. You hit the nail on the head. There's obviously a lot of noise in there with regard to deflation and the previous question about the work we're doing on working capital, but I think that's still a fair metric to use in your model.
",1,1,1,1,1,1,2,2,1,2,2,1
"Thank you. I just had a follow-up here on pricing and then one another follow-up as well. Historically Suresh, pricing has always been aggressive. And in the past your technology advantage has kind of more than offset some of the pricing pressure that you have seen. So first question, why is aggressive pricing now starting to impact you more so than it has in the past?","Yeah, I think, Brent, pricing has always been a factor and I’ve said this on the last two calls, pricing has been getting more and more intense. You can see in our results this quarter that pricing actually impacted our gross margin to some degree as well. So we still maintain a very substantial advantage. But as we are getting into larger and larger deals and those are accounting for greater share of our overall business, typically pricing tends to elongate sales cycle as large enterprise, so that's affecting our conversion rate. Often, I’ve also said before this, Brent, typically, incumbents get the last word on pricing and often it ends up becoming one where the customer says let me stay with the incumbent. So that's another factor we're starting to see. It's mostly a shift in the mix of our business towards really large deals that’s starting to impact us from a pricing standpoint.",2,2,2,2,2,1,2,2,0,2,2,1
"Okay, thank you, very fair. And then just a second and last question, you also talked about setting aside some additional marketing this quarter to talk about large party ordering. And I want to understand, you know, how will that -- where will you do that marketing and then what can you share in terms of large party ordering? How far will you go in terms of delivering time, what's the price hurdle, what's the margin profile, etc.?","From a marketing perspective, you know, and Greg said it in past calls, we've invested a lot over the last couple of years in everything from our digital Web experience to our ability to target guests both to our loyalty guests as well as our digital marketing. We've invested heavily in social and influencers and PR and with this catering campaign, or large party campaign, we plan to use a lot of that, and you know, not to mention that I'd say roughly half of our business, or at least from appeal perspective, we're looking at both business-to-business as well as just to consumers. So we've got a campaign we're developing, a lot of tactics that will allow us to not only reach businesses and business decision makers but also those folks who are planning large parties on a personal level and we'll do some more disruptive things as well that hopefully will get us noticed in at least the casual dining space as one of the few brands that can actually offer something for everyone. So that's really the plan right now.",2,2,1,2,2,2,2,0,1,2,2,2
"Okay, so it doesn’t change the ASP per square area?",ts primary impact is on our cost,0,0,1,0,0,1,2,1,1,1,2,1
"Hey, good morning, everyone. Peter, I missed the guidance you gave on the commodity inflation for 3Q. Could you give me that again?","Sure, it's 14% to 17%. So this is this is the big quarter for the year.",2,2,1,2,2,1,2,2,1,2,2,1
"A question for Joe. I think, Joe, you've been talking about IT industry growing at kind of the high end of 5% to 7% range for calendar '11 and your commentary with respect to calendar '12 being below those rates. To put some numbers behind it, I mean, do you think we're talking about 3% to 5% outlook for the industry next year?","Brian, I still am convinced that when all the smoke clears and we look backwards at 2011, you will see 5% to 7% growth this year, probably maybe 6% to 7% in the higher end. So next year is all we're planning for right now from everything we see is that will slow down somewhat. We're still collecting a lot of data, and you read the same analysts and reports that I do, both industry and Wall Street analysts, financial analysts. So there's a lot of work out there. So right now, we're -- our belief is we want to share the best with you, yes, they will be somewhat slower, but we do expect positive growth. I don't want to go with any numbers yet. I promise you we will give you a number when we -- our best guess at a number, not guess, but hard work estimate of a number when we get to Q1 January call.",2,2,1,2,2,2,2,2,2,2,2,2
"And when we think about this ramp, you said obviously you have Dell, about how many other customers do you have? And is this more of a fourth quarter ramp? Or it really does start in earnest in the third quarter?","It starts in the third quarter, in earnest. I don’t have a list of the number of customers, but we think our market share on touch on notebooks has been climbing. Initially, our competition is really soda lime, for cost reasons. And we believe our market share on touch notebook wins is climbing every quarter. So we’re quite pleased by that. But we begin shipments in earnest this quarter. Again, as I mentioned in reply to an earlier questioner, what we’re just uncertain about is how well these notebooks will do at retail. Obviously pretty weak PC market. But definitely in terms of the models that will be out there, we’re increasing our market share.",2,2,1,2,2,2,2,1,2,2,2,1
"Thanks guys, good numbers. Maybe you can talk about the bounce back in the cloud subscribers, how much of that was that one customer that you were missing last quarter, and how much of that was truly quarterly momentum? And then, as a follow-up, on the regional breakdown, I was kind of a little bit surprised to see the Americas not showing any growth. I think last quarter, you said that since openings in the U.S., we're lagging that in Europe. You would expect that kind of the Americas to be a quarter behind Europe as far as recovery, but it sounds like -- it looks like no year-over-year progression in the Americas, while Europe remained very strong for, I guess, three quarters in a row now. Help me reconcile your business with your original commentary.","Let me take a few of those questions. And then, Arlen, feel free to jump in here. So if you take a step back and you look at paid subscribers, you're right, we had really good sequential growth from Q2 to Q3. The -- there was an anomaly last quarter, which is taken out of a denominator for, obviously, going forward. So this is just net increases of about 800,000 new paid subscribers on a sequential basis. And it tracks very well to everything that we've talked about over the last six months. First half of the year was very focused from a customer point of view and, frankly, a Citrix point of view, on really helping customers move into the pandemic period, enable work from home, everything that was a high priority. Back half of the year, as I've stated a few times, is really focused on getting back to driving more of the strategy of the company, migrating existing users to the cloud, focusing on net new users in SaaS and in some cases, on-prem subscriptions. And so, we're just executing against what we've said before, happy with the progress on that side. And you clearly see it when you look at subscription ARR, which is now over $1 billion and continuing to grow north of 50% year-on-year. In terms of the geo mix, I'd say that, there's just a little bit of noise going on in there because of the geos being at different phases of the overall transition of subscription. That's really been led out of the Americas, and it's the thing more than anything that has influenced the year-on-year growth rates. EMEA, frankly, has had outstanding execution all year, both across our teams and the way we're operating from a solution standpoint in the various markets. They've just had really nice, steady progress. A little bit further behind in the overall subscription transition per se, but I'm just -- I'm very happy with the way that team has delivered. Next question?",2,2,1,2,2,2,2,2,1,1,2,2
" A couple of them. Rick, I have a question. Your 2 foundry customers that are doing 14-nanometer FinFET and they have a technology tie-up. Are the DTOR[ph] or PTOR[ph] tools the same between the 2 or can they make independent decisions?"," I'm trying to think about the confidentiality of that question. I think that, in general, our customers, the ones we deal with, are unique and able to make their own decisions.",1,1,2,1,1,1,2,1,2,2,2,1
"Good morning. Congratulations on the quarter. Don, I am hoping you can quantify the revenues through electric power products just from your industrial utilities and traction power customers.","Give me a second. Looking at our fullyear fiscal 2008, utility market basically totaled around $172 million in total revenues, industrial market segment is around $400 million, traction power was just under $40 million, were basically electrical power products of the $611.5 million. Then the balance of process control was $27.2 million, which is again municipal market.",2,2,1,2,2,1,2,2,1,2,2,2
"Just in relation to the tax, it isn’t a cash expense at the moment; it’s more of a bookkeeping expense?",That’s correct.,2,1,1,2,2,2,2,1,1,1,2,1
"Just wanted to probe a little bit into the Q4 guidance because it looked -- it just struck me as very, very conservative. I mean, particularly on the comp, 2% to 9%, I mean, you're going to be selling a ton of these PlayStation 4 and Xbox Ones at $300, $400. And so I guess, I'm just trying to dig a little bit into that because, like I said, I definitely get the mix in terms of the margins and obviously, the consoles are significantly lower margin. But I guess, that just struck me as conservative, particularly from a comp perspective.","Yes. Rob will give you some detail. I mean, we are -- the fourth quarter, there's lots of movement, there are some title shifts. There's 53, 52 week. We did launch the Wii U last year. It was a pretty successful launch. So there's a few things there. Rob, maybe you want to give him some detail -- Anthony some detail on how you model Q4.",1,1,2,2,1,1,2,2,0,1,2,1
"Just two questions, one is how do you assess the opportunities for Annie’s like, what do you envision the size of it, do you -- where do you see this trend going and how large do you think it could be the margin structure, I know they have had some issues internally? So can you give a little bit of color on that?","Yeah. I’d love to, obviously, we think it’s a terrific equity. It’s a very, it’s a unique equity in that organic space sort of it’s an all family equity. Its mom’s buying organic products for herself and for her family and the kids, which is a very attractive positioning within the organic space. They’ve -- as you know, they’ve had consistent very strong growth and we think that the brand is very flexible and very expandable, giving that -- given that broad positioning and gatekeeper target. So we really like the positioning and the reason we bought it is because of that flexibility and the growth opportunity. There are also some sort of business model opportunities that I think will result from the combination of Annie's with General Mills. First of all, we just have more sales force capacity that we can bring to Annie's and that means that we are very confident that we can continue to increase the distribution of those brands and that’s a good opportunity for us. There are numerous margin expansion opportunities for -- with Annie's, everything, can from the sourcing and how ingredients are brought in to the logistics and how we reach customers, all of the other internal supply chain, HMM things. We think there are many opportunities here and we have actually jointly discussed these opportunities with Annie's management and they are quite excited by those opportunities. And then again, they will just be some cost savings that we can capture as a corporate entity, Annie's becomes part of General Mills. One other thing that I’d like to add, they have terrific marketing and sales capability, particularly as it relates to the natural and organic channel. They really focused there and that is going to be an opportunity for the entire General Mills natural and organic portfolio. We think that they can really help us to accelerate the growth of our existing portfolio brands. So, anyway, I am not going to tell you, how high is up that we are awfully excited by that brand and what we can do to help it grow faster and more profitably and what Annie's can do to help us with the rest of our natural/organic portfolio. We think it’s going to be really good combination.",2,2,2,2,2,2,2,0,0,2,2,2
"Okay. And then 2 other quick things, Hermann. Have you had any mediated discussions as of this point with Australian authorities subsequent to the filing of your plan? Anything substantive?","Yes. We have had that discussion during the negotiation period, which has ended under the Bilateral Investment Treaty between Hong Kong and Australia. However, no solution could be found in that discussion, unfortunately.",2,2,2,2,2,0,2,2,1,0,2,1
"Got it, okay. And on Mittal's Indiana Harbor specifically, do you know much about their inventory position in terms of iron ore at the moment?","No, I don't. You'd have to ask ArcelorMittal for that one.",0,0,0,0,0,1,2,0,1,1,1,1
"So, when you told us earlier when you gave us… know that we got granularity on the operating segments, when you earlier gave us the organic growths rate, is that strictly beautiful rental or is that includes facility services?",That includes facility service. That segment is exactly like used to be including all this. And that’s all with Rental segment.,2,2,2,2,2,1,2,2,1,1,2,1
Okay. And could you elaborate on the $3.8 million legal claim agreement?,"Yes, we have a dispute process in relation to the acquisition of the Chilean business as part of the York Label acquisition a couple of years ago. We have resolved that dispute and there has been a set amount associated with that.",2,2,2,2,2,1,1,0,1,1,2,1
"Got it, okay. And then did you make any changes to your discount rate or return assumptions for the pension?","Yes. So return assumptions, we dropped to 8%, and the discount rate, the blended discount rate was down 70 basis points. And so as mentioned, on pension alone, a 100 basis point increase would increase our funding by $640 million on pension alone and an additional $50 million or so on the postretirement plan.",2,2,2,2,2,2,2,2,1,2,2,1
"And then a couple -- a few more housekeeping questions, please. On the cost front in newsprint, what was the average percent change in price year-over-year in consumption? And then also I'm curious, for your Digital segment, Gracia, the up 5% or so revenues, what was that number excluding the small acquisitions, please?","And I assume on the 5%, you're referring to our Digital segment. And really I think we've lapped most of the acquisition. So if they had any impact, it would have been very nominal.",1,1,1,1,1,1,2,2,0,2,2,1
Can you give us some more detail on some of the investments you are making with Operation Fresh Start and when do you think you will actually start seeing the returns on those?,"Yes. We mentioned at the end of third quarter that we are primarily investing in three areas. One is our distribution and logistics by putting in more of an upstream, downstream distribution approach starting in the east and ultimately taking that to the west. The second is investing in systems that we really needed to drive our whole center store project to really drive world class category management. Third, some investments in some of our formats in order to move that needle forward by expanding our Avanza format and then remodeling some of our conventional stores into what we refer to as our everyday value format. Mark, that's a larger 45,000, 50,000 square foot store which is greatly exaggerated in its perishable offerings. And to be honest, we shrink a little the grocery offerings, but it also has a much stronger price impression than the core of the store.

Now we've indicated that in 2008, among those three categories we would invest roughly $25 million and that in addition to that we would need about our typical $25 million for maintenance CapEx. So we have committed that between the two, we would not spend more than $50 million in total toward our strategic investments unless for some reason we saw some early signs that we were wildly successful and that we needed to accelerate that for some reason.

So we are being very cautious. We are being very thoughtful. In all of those investments, Mark, we demand a 15% IRR. We are very diligent and thoughtful about that. So we choose our projects wisely. But that I hope gives you a bit of flavor of how we're approaching the investments.",2,2,2,2,2,2,2,2,2,2,2,2
Constantine Davides - JMP Securities,We did not. But if you give me just a second Constantine I can give it to you.,1,0,1,0,1,1,2,1,1,1,2,1
Just wanted a clarification on that kind of expense-free classification you did on the COGS line for subscription and support. What exactly was that? And I guess that sounds like it's something you're going to continue to classify that way going forward?,"It is, Rich. When we internally did some organizational structure changes, we identified the people that were actually moving into -- out of the cost of services area into -- not G&A but more like sales and marketing and the E&D and spending the majority of their time in those areas. And so we reclassified those in our cost beginning July 1 and that's the way it will be going forward.
",2,2,2,2,2,2,2,2,0,1,2,1
"Thank you very much. Good morning. James, I just want to go back to your comment around the strong Rx growth expectation going into 2020. You did talk about the relationship on the preferred side for Medicare with United, but is there anything else that's specifically driving that would be my first question? And then secondly, you talked a little bit about the incremental costs around some of these pilot programs et cetera, but are you starting to see any benefit from some of these pilots and initiatives in the 2020 guidance that you're giving?","Morning. Yeah, I think with regarding prescription growth we see a return to normal market in Med D driven by the fact that we got preferred relationships with some of the bigger plans. And we may have lost some of the small preferred access, but they are very small numbers otherwise. So, overall, we feel pretty good about that. You saw an announcement with Centene, where we intend to be more proactive in the Medicaid space going forward as well. There's still areas that we're working on. First of all, we are able to retain more customers. For example, I mentioned Save a Trip Refill in our prepared remarks. That's driving better retention adherence.And last not least, of course, we are able to consolidate pharmacies, not just Rite Aid but the marketplace is changing. We're seeing more pharmacies than normal on the marketplace. And we have a good pipeline of pharmacies that we'll be able to secure in the future and consolidate as the number of pharmacies in the U.S. for the first time for a long time seem to be in decline. So, we're pretty confident that we'll be at the mark -- or maybe somewhat ahead of the market overall with all of these initiatives in terms of pharmacy growth.",2,2,1,2,2,2,2,2,1,1,2,2
"Excellent. And then just one final question for you, Tom. Just when you look at the -- some of the speculation over the last few months about the dividend, can you give us any comments about that?","Yes. Look, our debt has been greatly exaggerated as a company, to steal Mark Twain's line. We've still got a capital deployment that's a disciplined approach to M&A. We're still going to consider conventional print opportunities, that where they're post-synergies, they'll be delevering due to the quick synergy payback that we can get. The target opportunities that positively impact future growth profile and continue to offer a high return, we're going to look at, and we're going to pursue divestitures. We continue to -- the other thing that Dan and his team have done, they've done a great job of continuing to managing favorable maturity profiles as the market conditions exist, and we're going to be out there taking advantage of that when the market conditions are there. We talked today about CapEx. CapEx for our business is becoming less capital-intensive. It's not like it was a number of years ago. We've said a number of times we're going to be between 2.25% and 2.5%, and we see that right now for the foreseeable future, and we don't see that changing. If it does change, it's going to be for a good reason. That means that we're getting returns as a result of that capital. If you go back to the 2012 number that we showed you today, $486 million of free cash flow, that -- you have to go back to 2003 to see a year where we did not exceed that number. So I mean -- and that's with the $140 million, $150 million pension payment in 2012. This business generates cash. How we deploy it, we look on it on an every-day basis. We will continue to look at it that way, but we feel pretty good as far as we're sitting here today, as we talk to you about it. Dan went through what we look at for our guidance for '13.",1,2,1,1,1,1,2,2,1,2,2,2
"Okay. And then in terms of the merchandising, I guess, one question I would have maybe just going forward. It just seems like you’ve got a lot going on. You launched 145 new products in the first quarter. You’re going to be changing some of the merchandising tactics on some of your other brands. But is the lack of lift or sort of the efficiency of the merchandising and maybe this is a more general question. Is it tied at all to -- there is just generally most of your -- the industry is trying to do more, trying to merchandise more or launch new products to try to stimulate demand. And retailers just can't execute all of that merchandising effectively. So it sort of dilutes the intent just simply because they’re trying to do too much?","So Bryan, you kind of summarize the number of comments that we made in June on the merchandising environment. And there is more kind of merchandising and promotional offers now seeking what is a limited display space in the store and that is an environment where I think, I should question sort of points out quality can suffer. You see more offshelf kind of pricing. You see more ads without an end isle or you see lots of products at the end of the isle. So there is lots of activity seeking relatively limited space and that’s why for us it's important. First of all that we focused very much on how we execute these events and the brand that we promote and do everything we can to make sure that there are sort of must have promotions. And there are other consumer things that accompany them to make them appealing. So our execution is very important for us in this environment. And as well as just constantly looking at what we do, did it work, what was the ROI and if something didn't work or tactic doesn’t work to apply the same HMM stuff that we do in all of the rest of the business, apply those and get rid of that kind of promotion and try something else. So it is an ongoing process of review and evaluation, making sure the execution is of the highest level because it is a very competitive environment out there as you point out with your question.",2,2,2,2,2,1,2,0,1,2,2,2
" Good morning everybody. I have got to get a little bit of nitpicking on my questions here to start off real quick unfortunately. First I want to ask about the income from the affiliates line, you had additional 19 -- I think it was $19.8 million of income there, and see how you adjusted it in your press release out of EPS, which makes sense. But it seems to have not been adjusting out of adjusted EBITDA, so your EBITDA was almost $20 million higher than it probably would have been, without that onetime item. Is that correct? And is there any reason why you didn't want to adjust it out, it's a 35% plus of your EBITDA for the quarter?","It would be not unreasonable to think about that onetime increment as the adjustment of the nature that you suggest. But the way the accounting works, it doesn't qualify in GAAP accounting in the year as Ken mentioned.
",1,2,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1
Have you seen any business that's come out of the impact from the hurricane? Just sort of repair work that needed to be done?,"We have seen some in our service business. There's no doubt about that. I think every time there's a hurricane, just as we talked about how we prepare. Our customers are doing a better job to prepare themselves. Especially in the oil and gas, they are putting all their substations up in the air. Our facilities, our control rooms and things are lifted up into the air. So, they're getting a lot smarter about the storm surge to make sure that they aren't cut down in their electrical area as a result of storms.",2,2,1,2,2,2,2,1,1,2,2,1
Okay. So would you consider the 1% buy rate kind of a normal rate going forward then?,"I think -- well, I think it will -- my belief is it will slowly trend back up because of these test intensity issues we're seeing. And so if we're looking out -- in our planning, if we're looking a couple of years down the road, it's somewhere in the, let's say, 1% to 1.3% range is probably a planning number.",2,2,2,2,1,2,2,2,2,1,2,1
"Okay. And then maybe just one last one if I could sneak it in. On that understand that there is some of the kind of time line dynamics that have adjusted. But when we think about running some of the trials in parallel, does delaying the professional test maybe push the over-the-counter or the prescription self-test closer to that initial time line? Is there any chance where you can kind of compress the gap between the two as you've had more time to develop some of the data and fine-tune things? Or is it still kind of the same sort of lag here that we might expect as you go from one to two to three?","Well the lag period is somewhat in our control as you can imagine with the design and resourcing of clinical trials, but it's somewhat out of our control because of course FDA makes the final call on the EUA approval process, right? So we're doing everything we can to ensure that there's minimal time between the EUA submissions and hopefully the approvals. We have evolved our thoughts thinking a lot about what it will take to accomplish these clinical trials and we'll make the investments we need to ensure that we shorten the time as much as possible. So I think that's been an evolving set of priorities for us since we spoke at our second quarter earnings call back in August. And so I think we're in a very good position there to minimize the amount of time overall and control what we can control.",2,1,2,2,1,2,2,2,0,2,2,2
"Got it. And then it also looks to me like you guys have set up a unit for the Johnson and Dean to be 1,280. Is that -- are you guys committed to doing long laterals there? Or is that just an option for you at this point?","Just count that as an option right now. I don't know what the ultimate lateral lengths will be. Certainly, if you remember our general game plan was from the first to the later wells, we're going to go from relatively short 3,000-foot and work our ways up to 9,000 feet -- or 12,000 feet. That's somewhere in the game plan, but if we get some of the encouragement in some other wells like we're seeing in the Dean, it may not need that long a lateral. So we're just going to have to work our way through that.",2,2,2,1,2,1,2,0,1,0,0,1
"And as a correlator to that, I guess. If you have sort of the seasonally strongest quarters in second, third -- second quarter and third quarter, but you're guiding for moving cash flow positive in fourth quarter. What's sort of the missing piece there? Is it just that you expect cost to be materially lower in fourth quarter, relative to as you move through the year and the cost sort of rolled over? Is that what it is?"," Well, I'm saying that there is actually a high amount -- a relatively high amount of drydocks that were scheduled for Q3, relative to Q4. So Q3 will be the top quarter for us from an operational-performance standpoint. But it won't be the top performance from a cash-flow standpoint because we've got a few drydocks scheduled in Q3. However, as I see in Q4, we don't have as many drydocks and running some of the benefit of what we see in Q3 into Q4.
And so I expect to be cash flow positive in Q4 for that reason.",2,2,2,2,2,2,2,2,2,2,2,2
"Okay, that’s helpful and then I guess just the other thing, other important dry-docks I think you mentioned, you mentioned one from August to September. I think it was one of the well intervention assets in the North Sea, the Enhancer I think.","Yes, that’s for a short period of time, that’s probably less than two weeks, right Owen?",1,1,1,2,1,1,2,1,1,1,2,1
"So if I have a $500 notebook, this is a $50-100 price for the consumer? One to two percent is the cost of the Gorilla Glass","No, 1-2% is like $5-10.",2,2,1,2,2,1,2,2,1,2,2,1
" Hi. Thanks for taking my questions. Jen-Hsun, the first one if I could on the datacenter competitive landscape, early this week we saw one of your datacenter competitors make an acquisition of a smaller private company. And I was wondering if you could talk a bit more about how you view your position in the datacenter market as with respect to machine learning, AI, and also kind of how your products are positioned from a high-end or low-end type of machine learning application performance."," Sure. Thanks. Well, as you can imagine we have a good pulse on the state of the industry. We've been in this industry since the very beginning, and deep learning was really ignited when pioneering researchers around the world discovered the use of GPUs to accelerate deep learning and made it practical, made it even practical to use deep learning as an approach for developing software. The GPU was a perfect match because the nature of the GPU is a sea of small processors, not one big processor, but a whole bunch of small processors. And vitally, they're connected by this connecting tissue, this connecting tissue inside our processor, connecting memory, connecting fabric, that makes it possible for the processors to communicate with each other all simultaneously. That architectural innovation has been the source of our GPU computing initiative some 10 years ago. That invention has really been groundbreaking. And so the GPU was really quite a perfect match for deep learning, where neural nets are communicating neurons essentially inspired by neurons, communicating with each other all simultaneously. And so the GPU was really quite a perfect match. If you look at deep learning today, five years later, I think it's a foregone conclusion that deep learning has been infused into just about every single Internet service to make them smarter, more intelligent, more delightful to consumers. And so you could see that the hyperscale adoption of deep learning is not only broad, it's large-scale and it's completely global. And this new computing approach we realized was going to be quite significant long-term. And so five years ago we started making quite significant investments across the entire stack of our company. GPU computing is not just the GPU chip, it's GPU architecture, it's the GPU's design, it's the GPU system, all of the algorithms that run on top of it, all of the tools that run on top of it, the frameworks, our collaborations with researchers all over the world. And so that collaboration and our investment has improved deep learning on GPUs dramatically in the last two generations. When we started this we were in Kepler. Maxwell was some 10 times better than Kepler, and Pascal is some 10 times better than Maxwell. And so in just two generations, just five years time, we've improved deep learning by an enormous amount. And a GPU today is very unlike a GPU back in the good old days because of all the work that we've done to it. Now our strategy, and this is where we're different, not only to focus on the GPU and the expertise in parallel computing, but where we're really different, I would say, is our singular architecture approach to deep learning. We've essentially put all of our investment behind one architecture. We've made this architecture available from hyperscale, to datacenters, to workstations, to notebooks, to PCs, to cars, to embedded computers, to even a brand-new fully integrated high-performance computer in a box we called DGX, the NVIDIA DGX-1. And so there's so many different ways to gain access to the NVIDIA architecture, the NVIDIA platform for deep learning. They're just literally all over the place, all around you. It's available to you in retail stores, in e-tail stores, from OEMs, in the cloud, or even in universities all over the world just in embedded computer kits. And so our approach is quite singular and quite focused. My sense is that our lead is quite substantial, and our position is very good. But we're not sitting on our laurels, as you can tell, and for the last five years we've been investing quite significantly. And so over the next several years, I think you're going to continue to see quite significant jumps from us as we continue to advance in this area.",2,2,1,2,2,2,2,2,2,2,2,2
"Has there been change, I guess, in alcohol mix at all, is it pretty steady?","Alcohol mix, Mark, continue to remain steady at about 30%, 31%.",2,2,2,2,2,2,2,2,1,1,2,1
Do you guys have like oncologists speaking on your behalf and well-being as well.,"Yes, oh sure when I get an opportunity, we have an audience, yes.",1,0,1,1,0,1,2,1,1,2,2,1
" Okay. So my next question was going to be really with Nuvera, and I would just -- I guess, initially structure it as considering that you are talking about returns on capital. How do you look at returns on capital there, because, obviously you bought that business thinking that you are going to have to sink in, maybe almost $50 million. It looks like in the end, according to your projections, it's going to be three times upwards of $150 million potentially. How do you think about return on capital of that magnitude?"," I think what I would suggest is, that you have to think of this as a venture business, and that the venture business payout comes in the long term, and it would be our hope that it would be a very-very large payout. And one of the reasons that we separated the forklift truck application portion of the business from Nuvera, is that we think that there will be applications, where our fuel cell engines and other industries than the forklift truck industry. So it's a different kind of game. It has a longer time horizon. I think it should be valued and thought about much more as the venture business, than as a traditional business. But we think in the long term, that the investment will prove to be well worth the -- what we put into it, in terms of the return and the profitability and the size of the long term business.",2,2,2,2,1,2,2,0,1,1,2,2
"And Jayshree, if I could just follow-up, I appreciate the market share comments. But obviously, mortgage share is the exactly booking phenomenon and so with respect to forward-looking and the risk of displacement, you all haven't seen or heard anything from those cloud sittings [ph] that would cause you incremental concern relative to where you've been historically?","Yes. On 1 hand, we are always paranoid and concerns. That's our nature, and we should be that way, and we want to continue to deliver the best of the best. On the other hand, we have no particular concern or no change in concern or no radical shift in the competitive landscape.",2,1,2,2,1,2,1,2,2,2,2,1
Okay. And you feel comfortable with the inventory? You don't think there's any more reserves that need to be taken on that inventory?,"No, we feel very comfortable with the reserve we took last year.",2,2,2,2,2,2,2,0,1,2,2,1
"And how should we be thinking about the – obviously you’ve done the internal studies to see – to make the decisions that you needed to make with respect to the upcoming restructuring, but how susceptible are the other sub-segments of your business, so the components business, to future restructuring?","Well, first of all, as Bob mentioned earlier, we do a lot of reviews on all our businesses on a quarterly basis. We believe that what we have today, after this transformation – and really this transformation has been planned for a long, long time – we always review it. We made a major commitment, and with the investments in China, we got basically a huge new factory there. It just didn’t make sense for us to have two similar type of factories, one in Malaysia and one in China, when we feel that one can provide the solution. And also, I think it’s important to understand type of product that we build; these are really – we’re driving to advance printed circuit boards that we can compete on some of these things even from North America. So we’ve been investing heavily in our North American operations that provide for a unique technology. So we feel comfortable with what we have today. We’ve be tuning these things up. Most important for us right now is really the growth of these. And I believe we need some demand to improve. But as that demand comes, I think operationally we’re ready to execute.",1,1,1,1,1,1,2,2,1,1,2,1
This is Srini Sundararajan. I have 2 questions," Yes, there is some breadth in the order book for foundry in September. We look generally, across the second half but in September also.",2,2,1,2,2,1,2,1,1,2,2,2
"Okay, and then I did not hear the outlook for multifamily. Could you just repeat that one? Yes, low singles.","Yes, low single digit, throughout low single digits. We get some pretty momentum as of late, we feel good about the progress we've got coming. So that'll be a small growth area.",2,2,1,2,2,2,2,1,1,1,2,2
" That's great color. And perhaps the last one for me, if you have a bit lower tax rate in 2018 and hopefully, [indiscernible] cash flow in general from improving business trends, you know with these tax savings, with the ability to bring cash back to the United States, have you ever -- as to what you might do with any outsized cash flow going forward? Is there a way you can use it to kind of speed up the development with Nuvera at all perhaps, or is there a way to even do the kind of -- get that going faster, because I am getting the sense too, it's kind of like, maybe that there are some impatient investors out there? Thanks."," Well you know, there could be impatient investors for sure. We really can't manage the cycle around that in our individual businesses. And I think that the only fair answer to your question, with regard to Nuvera is that, we believe we are going forward in the prudent way, step by step, carefully orchestrated on in the following way, to expand the battery box replacement product line, product by product. Second, to have for each individual battery box, a time phase scheduled cost reductions, which reflects our anticipation for engineering changes and supplier cost reductions to the components that we are using, so that we drive the cost of the components down, and then get the value of volume purchasing and volume manufacturing. That's not really a process that lends itself to speeding up any more than we are. We want to be very careful. We want to ensure that as our products come online, that we have the reliability and quality that the Hyster and Yale products stand for, and to be the leader in the industry in that regard. So that's kind of the Nuvera story. But more broadly, you know, our company has not -- by, it doesn't have a character of being a capital allocator. Our position is, we are going to do what is prudently and appropriate necessary to build value over the long term in each one of our businesses. And in that regard, certainly, the new tax law has couple of impacts, it will help us generate cash, which may pay down debt and give us more flexibility over the long term, to do other things that can benefit the business. But most importantly, in my judgment, this tax reform gives us a level playing field on an after-tax basis with our global competitors. They have not faced many years, the tax regime that we faced. So it's very difficult for us to make the same kinds of investments and have an expected comparable reward. So this levels the playing field around the world, and we think that's going to be beneficial from a competitive point of view, and that's really the most important piece of that, that I would emphasize. As far as the location of our capital is concerned, we will simply have it where think it's the best place to have it from a business point of view. We are not moving it back, just because the rules change, we will try to run our business as we always have in the most prudent kind of way, and we will. Certainly, Ken and his finance team will give thoughtful consideration to the implications of the new tax regime to where debt and equity need to be, to properly capitalize each of our businesses around the world. And Ken, I would guess that simply changes to some degree, as we look forward, because of the nature of both the global tax rules, but also the rules that are associated with making sure that people don't gain those tax rules. So we have some thinking to do. We will work our way through it, and probably be in a better position to comment in more detail, after the federal government gives us some regulatory guidelines. And I think it's fair to say, nobody is quite sure what the story is, is that right?",2,1,2,1,1,1,2,2,2,1,1,2
"Okay. So it's going to be $10 million to $15 million, is that kind of what we're looking at for the fourth quarter?","I think that's the squeeze, yeah.",2,1,2,1,2,2,2,0,1,1,2,1
"I just have a question regarding the e-commerce business, that you will have up and running next year. Can you talk a little bit about the -- what you sort of envision as the ultimate profitability of that business? And whether there is a risk of cannibalization as well?","We're certainly doing this in the belief that they'll be accretive to the profitability of the business. I think it's premature to try to quantify that. We think we're approaching at an intelligent fashion. We roll out in a manner that ultimately will lead to positive sales, accretive to sales without meaningful cannibalization to the business, and hopefully, we'll like creating an omni-channel, multiple ways for our consumers to interact with us, and it will be positive to our same-store sales.",2,2,2,2,2,2,2,2,2,2,2,2
"Sorry, what is the LoD on your antigen testing? And how does it compare to competition?","Well, so we haven't disclosed the numbers Vijay, but they are competitive with the products that are already on the market. And those are -- that's public information.",1,1,1,1,1,2,2,1,1,1,2,1
" Okay. Thanks. And Bakken diffs, any thoughts on how those sustain going forward?"," Bakken diffs, Bakken differentials.",0,0,1,0,0,1,2,1,1,2,2,1
"Hello. Thank you. I wanted to return to Zeposia, please. I mean, MS is a very tough market to be launching in Q2 COVID.
I'm just wondering which patients are starting on Zeposia and do you expect that to evolve? And then, on the UC indication, are you anticipating an AdCom? And could you update us on how you're preparing for launch? Thank you.
","Sure. Let me start, and then, I can maybe turn it over to Samit for the AdCom question. So very happy with the performance of Zeposia in MS, particularly as you point out, in light of the COVID environment. This was, as we had talked about last year, a market that was hit by COVID in terms of new patient volume being down.
And obviously, this is a market that we are entering into relatively new for BMS. And so at the end of last year, we spent a considerable amount of time making sure we were engaging with customers in many cases for the first time. And then, so our focus was continuing to do a few things. First, it was making sure that we were selling the profile for this, what we believe and clearly is being demonstrated in the data, No.
1 SP in this market. We've seen very good uptake in terms of written prescriptions here. Obviously, the dynamic pool of MS is relatively small. And we've seen most of the business at this point coming from switch patients, and we're continuing to get an increase in new patients who are coming onboard as well.
So we're very happy with that. And we would expect that to continue to evolve over time. And then, obviously, as I mentioned in one of the previous questions, a big focus for us has been making sure that we continue to convert those written scripts into commercial dispense and ensuring a very smooth journey for patients in this market, and we've had a great acceleration there. So excited about what we're seeing so far, and we think we are on a very good trajectory for Zeposia in MS in the U.S.
Samit?
",2,2,1,2,2,2,2,2,1,1,2,2
And the implications for 400-gig has that split out as well?,No. Okay. So I was answering your campus question. What was your question on 400-gig again?,0,0,1,0,0,1,1,1,1,1,1,1
"And just a bigger picture question, on some of your initiatives, you've talked about specifically, pricing and efficiency initiative. I'm just curious in this kind of an environment when you have really aggressive lumber price deflation. Does that make the pricing initiatives are more or less important as you're seeing such large deflation? And has the priority in those initiatives shifted at all in this current environment?","I would say if anything, our focus on pricing has increased over the course of the year, the more we The more we dig, the more I feel there's incremental opportunities there, regardless of what commodities are doing. Clearly, commodities, is the toughest, most competitive part of our business and it kind of is what it is. But two thirds of our business is not commodity related and I still feel like there's really nice opportunities there no matter what we have to deal with from a commodity inflation standpoint.",2,2,2,2,2,2,2,0,0,0,2,1
"Okay, great. And then just kind of thinking about the COVID related tailwinds, the shorter term are non-sticky. How much of your business, I guess, in the Healthcare, I think the shorter-term COVID tailwinds that could potential phase into next year or the year after?","Yes. So right now, there’s not a lot beyond testing in point of care testing that I would call a true COVID tailwind, where the demand is up as a result of COVID. Now we see that demand is progressing or continuing at least through calendar 2021. And even our customers are talking about it going beyond that and enter 2022. And one thing to point out too and we call them COVID testers a lot, but what they are is, they’re testers that can be used for COVID. So they can test many other things as well too. But that’s the only thing I would say, as a true COVID increase that’s in our forecast right now other than the small amount of upside that Steve talked about on the one critical care product.",2,2,1,2,2,1,2,0,0,2,2,1
Got it. Did you guys give a breakdown of DRAM versus NAND in June?," DRAM in June, of the memory number, which was 23%; NAND flash was 29% of that.",2,2,1,2,2,1,2,2,0,2,2,1
"Okay. And then, just to drill down a little bit on that particular order. So – are the contractual terms of that particular order are they any different than the rest of your contractual terms, I guess what I’m getting at is, is this something that could reoccur in the future?","Sal I think I’ve said before, this was a unique situation driven by a customer demand there is nothing unique I would say in the contract that we’d expect to see this again.",2,2,2,2,2,1,2,1,1,1,2,1
"Okay, thanks. And [indiscernible] in terms of acquisitions looking at both the U.S. and outside, and I was wondering if you could just maybe give us a sense as to when you are looking at [indiscernible], if in the U.S. it's more going to be technology driven and outside probably more in terms of expanding distribution?","Mitra, this is Seth here. I think from an acquisition perspective, international we're certainly looking at transactions that would perhaps give us some scale and some presence in the platform in various geographies in addition to technology, but I have to say that also when we evaluate acquisition opportunities in that take, we are looking very clearly at new platforms and new businesses beyond just technology and looking for new sizable acquisitions to pursue into evaluating part of the overall Cantel family. So I think it's a real mix. I think it's probably likely that other acquisitions international would be less technology driven, more scalable businesses, and then in the U.S. it could be a variety of different opportunities.",2,2,1,2,2,1,2,2,1,1,2,1
" OK. Thanks. Good morning, guys. Brian, as it relates to consumer products, do you have any insight into how retailers are planning the holiday shopping season this year? It seemed to start much earlier last year.
Are you anticipating a similar shape this year or do we return to pre-COVID-19 behavior on the part of retailers? And then separately for Deb, in the press release last night, you mentioned plans to accelerate deleveraging with the sale of the Music business. Can you give a little more detail around that? Thanks."," Sure. What we're seeing around the world, and we were -- it's really great to see the growth in every region around the world for the Consumer Products business, including a real return to growth in the Europe, in Asia Pacific and Latin America in addition to very strong growth in demand in the U.S. As we look at our retailers' plans, it's clear that these are categories that are important -- and increasingly this important to retail. The growth and robust sales increases we're seeing across our business are really important again to the consumer.
So what we're going to see, we believe, is a number of very big promotional windows that will occur in the summertime. A few of our major retailers that are already lining up around those kinds of plans, and then additional opportunities and big promotional windows occurring at the beginning of Q4. And so I would say it's multiple at best for big promotional windows that will begin early but also continue and accelerate during Q4, so the holiday period. And we're really seeing that from several different categories of retailing and our major retailers.",2,2,1,2,2,2,1,1,1,2,2,1
"Got you. Thank you. That's very helpful. And just a follow-on to that question, I think earlier in the call you mentioned something about sort of three months to stabilize. What's the puts and takes that might affect that three months to, I don't know, be four months or two months or whatnot?","Yes. And so then I just want to clarify what that means in terms of stabilization. I think what John was talking about is the team that works on this project would like to move on to the next implementation. And we talk about this being our last major implementation and it is, because with this deployment, we will virtually have almost all of our manufacturing worldwide on SAP and what's left are sales operations that will roll out over time. But we would want to get the team quickly not needed anymore for the transition so that they can move on to the next implementation, which under the accounting terms means all that labor is capitalized instead of expensed. And that's kind of the risk to the P&L and the assumptions in the P&L. In terms of overall business stabilization, I think we've said in the past that that really takes almost a full year before people get really proficient of using SAP and taking advantage of SAP. And so, some of these redundancies that we have in head count and what we call backfill in the business, et cetera, they'll stay throughout much of 2017 to make sure that not only is the system working well, but people know how to take advantage of it. And we've talked about when we really start to see the benefit coming back to us is after that one-year anniversary or the second half of 2018.",2,2,1,2,1,1,2,2,0,1,2,0
"Great. If maybe you can just kind of step back a little bit and I am wondering if you can give us a little bit of perspective on the underlying growth in new business. I know that we still have an enormous amount of business that has not been outsourced yet. And as you look out into the future, I am just wondering how much can you think you can capture that? What is the underlying churn? It almost seems like you guys are taking share from each other in the business and that there is just not a lot of new big and large opportunities coming out. So I would love some perspective on the industry dynamics as it stands currently? Thanks.","Yes. Mike, I will try to answer your question in the short time frame here that we have. But I think first thing, just stepping a way back, if you read the industry regs and depending on what source you look at, whether it's in Gartner or Forrester or so forth, so on, I think in general consensus you will see where they are projecting the outsourced industry to grow around 4% to 5%. Also keep in mind that when you look at the sheer size of the number of people that have worked in the industry in totality, it's around 8 million people today. And out of that 8 million people, they are estimating that somewhere around 15% to 20% is outsourced.

So those are the numbers and things that we look and study. Now obviously you have variances within different geographies around the world. The U.S. is at a different pace than maybe what you would experience in Brazil and so forth so on. But in general without having a global perspective, a global footprint, we do look at that number as a good benchmark for us to measure ourselves against. Also within there though, you do have to look at the differences within each industry. And this is where it gets to be a little challenging, I think particularly for someone where you are sitting.

I mean it's challenging enough for us in trying to get a good understanding of the market opportunity and things, but technology is a big user of outsourcing. So it's very fair to say that they are probably outsourcing almost half of their business, maybe even more. Credit card companies have been bigger consumers of outsourcing, more so than retail banking.

Communications, particularly in wireless, has probably outsourced close to 40% to 50% of their business. So healthcare is maybe 10%.. And as you look around at the different industries and the different countries you are in, depending where you are trying to target, it's going to effect the overall dynamics and the intensity the competition in there.

Now Sykes is really looking at the communications, the financial services, the technology, the healthcare, those big four. We do operate in transportation and we do report on that. We do also operate in retail but the ones that we see really moving the needle for us is communication, finance, technology and healthcare. And within communications, you are absolutely right. We have a lot of insurance competition there. It is a fight for account share and your performance and making sure you can protect your base.

But it's also been, for communications, the industry overall for the last several years has seen nice growth as we look at what has taken place in the world of digital and mobility. So that has been an intense area, but it's a place that's given us growth because the market overall has been growing. Now as you read and you start seeing a slowdown in the intensity of the mobility uptake rate or the number of new devices or as we alluded to in our comments around communications, even the intensity within that industry amongst those suppliers will effect the overall volumes that we are receiving.

And to put that in perspective, some of our companies, our clients that we serve in the wireless side, last year alone made over 10 changes to their billing plans, just to give you an indication of the state of competitiveness. That's significant for us because billing questions are probably the number one driver for the wireless sector that we serve. So we ever see changes in that or more stable outlook, it will effect the growth going forward. So there is a lot of dynamics there and things are taking place.

Financial services was one where we do have intense competition in credit card, but we do see in retail banking an area where banks are looking to outsource, embrace outsourcing in a more aggressive way and we see that as being a little more new business for us. And it's something that we still think as a company, we have a lot of growth potential in that sector, which is why you saw us taking actions last year to continue bringing in new leadership to help us take advantage of that.

Technology, for us, as a company was our first place we started. It went somewhat through a maturity cycle when mobility came up and tablet computing and started changing. But now in technology, we have this group we refer to more as new tech, the new businesses that are emerging and we are starting to break into some of those. And I think you saw into the quarter, where in John's comment, 29% quarter-over-quarter growth. So we are certainly excited by that and we think we have new potential there. And that's new business, because these companies are growing so rapidly and relatively new that they are just now beginning to outsource.

And then healthcare is one where again maybe it's a 10%, 15%, similar to retail banking, but again with all the changes in healthcare and the new business models that are emerging, we do believe there is going to be more and more opportunities for us there to find more growth channels.

So that's about just as a general commentary the framework. I mean it's a deep dive. That's almost an all-day discussion if you really wanted to get comfortable probably. But I think this will give you feel about, it is more than just taking account share from each other. There are disruptions that are taking place around the world and within these four industries that are causing new opportunities for new growth. It isn't all just about head-to-head competition.

But one of the thing that is a little challenging in our business is how quickly we can move in the brick-and-mortar environment and even though I am talking to you about these numbers, when we receive volume reduction forecast, it's just not the kind of thing that we can always be in a position that we can transfer that business, retrain, capture new business, get it up and running at the same time. It is pretty operationally intensive to be able to do that.

And right now we have someone, I will just say in acute situation with the volume forecast that we got from a number of companies in the communications sector and it's a bit faster than our ability to go and take some of these other programs and get it replaced. So I wouldn't let our numbers, sort of the things that we just guided to, or the changes in our outlook on revenue change your view of the growth prospects for companies like Sykes in this industry. It's a very large industry and I think there is going to be good growth opportunities for some time.

We are not talking about crazy growth. We are not talking about running consistently double digits. We have always for us, that we can run at the market pace, 4% to 5% is what the market is, we have always said 4% to 6% and that's really net growth when you think about it, because it's gross adds minus whatever's going on with your current volume of business. And we have been able to do that for the last couple of years. We had 5.7% and 7.4% and then this year it's turning out to be a little flat for us right now. But over the course of three years, we are holding our own out there relative to the market.",2,2,1,2,2,2,2,2,1,2,2,2
"Great. I appreciate that. And then as a follow-up, IPs -- initial IPs in the Fayetteville based on kind of picking your best quality wells off the charts kind of record number for you guys, but the 30th and 60th day are kind of lagging that same kind of change. Can you walk us through when we would expect to see that reflected into the 30th and 60th day?","And I think if you look at that table, there's like 43 wells is all that's in that 60 day number. Once we get all 100-plus wells into it, it'll come back up.",2,2,1,2,2,1,2,1,1,1,2,0
"Okay. Super. Maybe one for Shannon, any color you can give us on how the new Illumina single-cell partnership rollout is going in terms of customer feedback or demand? And maybe walk us through sort of the economics of that deal through instrument ASPs and kind of maybe instrument pull-through metrics, whatever you can would be helpful.","And Brandon, regarding the impact on the 2017 outlook and the P&L, there are two sources of revenue from this partnership for Bio-Rad. One is the ability for us to sell the instrument that we develop for single-cell both in the bundle as well as – or for new customers as well as to their installed base. And then, the second revenue stream is in the form of royalty that come to us from Illumina. We don't disclose to that level of detail, as you well know, but I can tell you that we've been fairly conservative in our expectation. In 2017, I know that Illumina is very excited and I hope they're spot on. I would love to be proven wrong, but we've taken a fairly conservative approach in terms of what we're anticipating for revenue in 2017.",1,1,2,1,1,1,2,2,2,0,2,2
"Yes. Thanks for taking my questions. First one, just to follow up on e-com, you alluded to closing down one of your least productive digital businesses. So maybe just give us some more color there in terms of timing, rationale and impact of sales and profitability, and then I had just a quick follow-up.","Okay, on that particular business, the timing is the end of this month. It is one of our smallest businesses. So the impact on the financial performance overall is immaterial. It’s a business that specializes in selling specialized and unique fashion and home products. And again, it’s one of our smallest e-commerce businesses.",2,2,2,2,2,1,2,0,0,2,2,1
"Thank you. Good afternoon. Just wanted to follow-up on the increase in basket size that you commented on in the prepared remarks, what was the driver of that? Was that a unit or a pricing increase?","Sure, Lorraine. As we mentioned in the prepared remarks, this 7% comp was driven by higher traffic and an increase in the basket size. Traffic was slightly larger increase than basket. The basket was all driven by higher units per transaction, AUR was relatively flat.",2,2,2,2,2,2,2,1,1,1,2,1
"Thanks, good morning. Steve, do you have the payer mix in the quarter, if possible the percentages by payer maybe this quarter versus a year ago?","Ralph, I don’t have the specific metrics in front of me, but I will tell you that the trend that we saw in the quarter was very similar to what we have been seeing which is taking whatever metric you like, if you take the 1.3% decline in adjusted admissions that commercial and Medicare admissions declined more than that and Medicaid and uninsured admissions increased more than that and that unfavorable shift is one that’s been underway for some time and continues and quite frankly until we believe the economy is improving, our local markets, etcetera, it’s going to be difficult to sort of reverse those trends.",1,1,2,1,1,1,2,2,2,1,2,0
"Okay. That's fair, Selwyn. And in terms of can you talk to us about your priorities for free cash flow? How would you prioritize paying down debt versus buying back stock, investing in the business, acquisitions, what's your general thinking on that?","Well, I mean, that's obviously a lot of components to that. But I would say, number 1 is to make sure our business is financially stable and that we have more than adequate liquidity to support our existing business, which we feel very comfortable with. We also have a number of new product ideas cooking, which we're very, very excited about. So we need to make sure we have the right capital allocation in place for that. And outside of that, then repayment to our shareholders will become a priority. So we have the great thing about our new financial arrangement is we have that ability to manage all 3 of those",2,2,2,2,2,2,2,2,1,2,2,2
"Yeah, North America specifically, I'm sorry. Because it looks like a 45 bips set back on the SEC charge then if I add, try to adjust for the warranty accounting in North America, it looks like it might take the op margins of about 173 or 174 number?","No the warranty actually had a positive impact on overall North America by about three, no five basis points overall on operating margin. So, essentially if you were to do your math you would add back the 45 basis points from the SEC charge and then subtract the incremental from the operating margin.",2,2,2,2,2,2,2,2,1,2,2,1
" Hey, good afternoon you, all. And once again, I would echo the congratulations. It really is pretty fantastic. I have just a – actually more of a few comments and most of my questions have been answered. But I get the impression honestly that the opportunity that you all have here is kind of huge. And my quick question is, did the Ebola crisis put you guys on the map? I know you guys have been around a long time. I understand that. But to the Ebola crisis really puts you on the forefront of kind of being kind of a brand name. And then I was also curious, are you working with any sort of consulting groups to keep your name out there and keep this momentum going, or do you not necessarily think that you even need to do that, I was just curious?"," On Ebola there is no question that our garments were featured on the cover of Time Magazine. I mean, another full Time magazine, it was the highlight spread the inside of our factory. So we got a lot of free what you might call free PR during Ebola. I mean after in bird flu, it wasn’t mentioned the insiders will knew who we were. But the general public was pretty much kept in the dark, as to what went on in the bird flu in this country, but it was the largest avian flu influenza in the history of the United States, and you’re going to barely hit the headline. As – but on consulting groups, yes, we do employ consulting groups that are helping us in certain industries they live like the healthcare industry.
",2,2,2,2,2,2,2,2,1,2,2,1
Okay. And then I guess one more before the Steve Jobs question is any color on kind of the hole up as far as getting China up and rolling on the iPhone?,"On – okay, let me just comment on BRIC in general. We now have of the four BRIC countries, Brazil, Russia, India, and China, we have three of those up and we have 8,000 store counts in those three selling the iPhones and we feel very good about that and we’re putting a lot of energy in growing those. China, we are not in yet. We would like to be in China within the next year and are currently working on that. But I have got nothing specific to announce today on this.",2,1,1,2,2,2,2,2,1,2,2,2
Okay. You didn’t talk about early fourth quarter STRs for the US business. Is that something you can cover on this call?,"This is Leo. There’s a lot of noise in our October numbers. We do have October numbers there that were up marginally on sales to retail, but it really has more to do with pricing and buy-ins ahead of pricing market-to-market. I think the trend changed and, as you know, one month doesn’t make a quarter.",2,2,2,1,1,1,2,2,1,2,2,1
"Good morning. Good quarter, congratulations. First question on process control segment. Sales were up $2 million in the quarter to $7.3 million that recorded a loss of $560,000 versus $42,000 profit a year ago. Can you just highlight what's responsible for the loss and how do you view that segment going forward?",The biggest impact occurred in the fourth quarter as basically our costs related to the claim we have with the City and County of San Francisco. The cost basically of that unusual item continues to impact the results of the segment.,2,2,2,2,2,0,2,0,1,1,2,2
" Rick, I'm just wondering what your view is for calendar '15. Do you see any pull-in for -- potentially for 10-nanometer of foundry spending? And if so, do you have any view whether EUV will be used on 10-nanometer?"," We do see some interest in 10-nanometer. In fact, there's -- I don't know, I probably couldn't explain [ph] but there's certainly been customers talking about accelerating 10-nanometer development and very aggressively. And I think, there's a bit of a competitive battle going on in the foundry space to get to the next node. My expectation is that we'll not see high-volume EUV for 10-nanometer, but because there is some capacity out there, I think it only stands to reason that if people want to use 10-nanometer, want to use EUV in 7-nanometer production, they're going to definitely try to get it into 1 layer or 2 for 10-nanometer just to debug it and prove it out. But I think on -- at the same time, customers I talked to about 10-nanometer have -- that is a nice-to-have, not a must-have, to be able to do 10-nanometer. They're certainly going to be capable of doing 10-nanometer without it because they feel like there's some challenges with the productivity in 10-nanometer. But of course, the -- especially those that have some capacity would like to get some learning out of it and some productivity out of it.",2,2,2,2,2,2,2,2,1,2,2,1
"And then the second question relates to capital allocation. And specifically, Tom, what is your appetite to buy back stock at current prices? And perhaps, if you could compare that to your appetite to acquire at current valuations.","Well, as you know, David, and as you followed the company over the last several years, from a capital allocation standpoint, share repurchase is our capital allocation benchmark. We continue to be buyers of our stock. We run an intrinsic value model inside the company clearly from that standpoint, and we'll continue to be buyers of our stock because that is really the benchmark that we use. And we continue to look clearly at acquisitions in the marketplace as we always do, but we do compare that. That's our capital allocation benchmark, and I think our history speaks for itself as far as what we've done in that particular area.",2,2,2,2,2,2,2,0,1,2,2,1
"Hi, good afternoon. Just a quick question about general fundamentals and then a quick - just a couple of quick housekeeping questions. So you talked about efforts to drive more sales in the back half into the holidays. Can you just talk about what sort of impact you expect on profit margins or profitability from that and how that could kind of build over time, you know obviously driving top line is important, but you know in terms of the trade-out between sales and margins, and then like I said, I have a couple of quick housekeeping questions after that.",And considering that and the sales stabilization initiatives that we have is what led us to maintaining our guidance of the sales around $11.4 billion and then EPS between $2.08 and $2.13.,2,2,1,2,1,1,2,2,1,2,2,1
"Yeah. Thanks. And well everyone is stay healthy. I just wanted to follow-up, Jayshree, on your commentary from the beginning of the call you said, you're planning to run the business versus 2018 levels. I assume that's an OpEx comment?Or is it an OpEx comment that also maybe relates to where you think revenue could kind of tends to allow, at the end of the year?","And Ita and I want to reiterate something, we will absolutely continue peddle metal invest in key R&D and customer support. We will reduce marketing travel, obviously, since we can't travel and perhaps some IT spending. And so we work on what we can control and manage the business. And if it improves, we'll certainly recalibrate and invest more.",1,2,2,1,1,1,0,2,0,2,1,1
"David, can you maybe go through the gross margin side a little bit more both on a quarter-over-quarter basis and on a year-over-year basis just sort of how much did mix and, say, the efficiencies and sort of the product and services cost reductions that you're seeing contribute to the gross margin improvement just in a little more detail?","Sure, Scott. Year-on-year, the big driver is our product margins. Basically, VMware product margins improved and storage product margin improved, and the storage product margins are from 2 things. One is from a continued mix shift towards our higher margin products, which is our software products and our appliances, and we've kind of promoted that theme for the last kind of couple of years. That helps us. But we also got some margin rate improvements in almost all the major products on a year-on-year basis as well. Quarter-on-quarter, we saw a little bit of improvements in product gross margins, but the bigger improvement quarter-on-quarter was in services gross margin where a couple of things happened. We saw a mixed shift towards our maintenance services which are more profitable than our professional services. But also within our professional services, we also saw a few points of margin improvement there, and those are the biggest drivers.",2,2,2,2,2,2,2,2,1,1,2,1
"Okay. Down, you said what, 50%, you said?","As a percent, they'll look similar in their performance.",1,1,1,1,1,1,2,1,1,1,1,1
"Right, okay. Third and final question was just on your guidance on tonnage. The change from 4.3 million to 4.2 million tons, is really pretty modest, I guess, in terms of what we're seeing in the steel industry at the moment with all of the sort of iron ore and raw materials issues that they're having. Could you talk a little bit about the underlying blast furnace utilization numbers that are embedded into your full year production guidance?","So, interestingly, obviously, the blast furnaces have been affected by iron ore shortages, Lake Superior logistics, I've learned all sort of things about icebreaking barges. And let's face it, it's been a -- the winter has affected our customers in a pretty significant way. Interestingly, relative to the demand for our coke, there's been no desire on the part of our customers for us to dial back production. On the contrary, frankly, we wish we could've produced more from -- particularly from Indiana Harbor. So relative -- I can't really comment on overall blast furnace utilization as we go into 2014, my crystal ball is not that good. If you look at order books, and I do -- we do talk to our customers, their order books are strong, they would prefer to be running more. And I think if they get through the disruptions of the winter and get iron ore delivery more normalized, they want to run their blast furnaces at higher utilization rates and they're going to be pulling on our coke. So we don't really think -- we don't -- if we look out the rest of the year, we don't see demand constraints hitting anything.",2,2,1,1,2,2,2,2,1,0,0,2
"Yes, was my assumption correct?",But your assumption is correct. The rates were set to keep us financial whole.,2,2,2,2,2,2,2,0,1,0,2,1
"It looks like you took the CapEx guidance up by about $50 million, so I was just curious what that related to, and then you also maintained your free cash flow guidance, so what the offset was there.","Sure. Thanks, Lorraine. The increase in CapEx versus the prior forecast relates to real estate and specifically, Victoria's Secret real estate. One aspect of it is some additional CapEx that will be on '13 books but relates to 2014 projects. The effect of that is greater this year than it normally is, but fundamentally, it's about real estate in Victoria's Secret. And again, we remain very bullish about those projects and the sales results we're getting and the profit results we're getting and the returns that we've generated for shareholders. So just some movement there. With respect to the free cash flow forecast, as you would imagine, there's a wide range of inputs there in terms of all the components of that and, again, remain comfortable with the broad range that we've given. As you appreciate, a lot of our cash is generated in the fourth quarter. And so there's a lot of moving parts there. But again, the business has very strong free cash flow properties, and there's a reasonable range of outcome there, but it will be a strong year for cash flow.",2,2,1,2,2,2,2,1,0,2,2,1
" Okay, thank you. And then I have a question with regard to printing trends, because you’ve heard – it’s a big discussion among investors and even within some of the companies clearly of what type off end use people are seeing on the devices.
Again, if you can kind of net out the impact from the earthquake especially domestically, just are you seeing pressure from tablets? Are you seeing pressure from more and more documents just being viewed on screen? I think any color you can provide us would be very helpful because again it’s a question that comes up often. Thank you."," Okay, answering your question, the print volume is concerned, it’s usually sales volume itself will be decreasing. But even in Japan, after the earthquake, the total print volumes stopped increasing. So generally speaking, the worldwide, the order – print volumes with – keep increasing. Usually, the risks print volumes is but the total, the information, the volumes of the information keep increasing. So still the total print volumes never decreased, still keep increasing that is worldwide. Is that a complete answer?",1,1,1,1,1,1,2,2,2,0,2,0
"I don't -- I'm going to ask a question which, again, as a layperson, as a shareholder, I got to ask. What is your relationship with Seeking Alpha?",We have no relationship whatsoever with Seeking Alpha.,2,2,2,2,2,1,2,1,1,2,2,1
And do you have a goal as far as when you’re hoping to get the ERP system online?," Well, we’re pretty far along with our ERP system in China, and then in United States we’ll probably have it done by the end of the year, and in Argentina we’re doing it right now.",2,2,1,2,2,2,2,1,0,2,2,2
Thank you. Can you talk a little bit more about your AllianceRx Walgreens Prime specialty solutions business versus the Shields Health Solutions business? And what is your strategy going forward for bringing in the specialty revenues to the company?,"Sure. Hi Peter, it's Alex here. Yes, I think that they are set at the moment. So, let me deal with our investment in Shields to start with that. They really walk with health systems to enable the health system to take better care of the patients as they go back into community.We have a number of local assets both in hospital systems and also specialty pharmacies where we want to make sure that working with the local health system, we can help them to service and take care of that patient more directly. So it's early days, but that's the model there. Really it's a community model.Our work with AllianceRX is really about the central model in the mean, and of course, working very closely with the owners of Prime which are the Blues and particularly the financial contracts. Obviously, we've put together our business with their business just over two years ago. And the business is now performing from an operational point of view very well, but clearly the market is changing and we're looking forward to how we can of course accelerate growth and work even closer with the Blues in that model going forward.So if you think of them as two separate areas at this stage, and of course, we recognize the incredible importance of specialty and the new drugs in the marketplace in the years ahead, I think 50% of the value of medication will be in specialty within three years. So of course, we're working very hard on both the individual piece, I've mentioned, but also how we combine the Walgreens brand and all of our assets over time to create a more powerful specialty model with our -- partners.",2,2,1,1,1,1,2,2,1,2,2,2
"Okay. And then maybe just one or two follow ups on Core. I think that color on your previous terminations is pretty helpful around that 85% number. I guess my question, is this that a fairly near term expectation or did that take six to eight quarters to get that 85% retention rate? And when you do get is it sort of an even split between direct and alternate - and alternate distributor?","Yes, it is clearly is not a - to six to eight quarter period of time. It is going to be a fairly short period of time. There will be some noise in the very short term the happening as we - during this last couple of weeks and these next few weeks. But we should have a pretty good idea in one maybe two quarters at the most Constantine, of knowing where we are going to end up there. So it is not going to be a lengthy period of time at all nor was it is in the past.

As far as the channel, that's a little difficult to predict. Our objective is to retain the volume and we - as you know we have multiple channels direct as well as several distributors and each TheraSeed user is a unique case in terms of how that customer may be accessing the product for example; is it through a purchasing organization and if it is through a GPO purchasing organization perhaps there are only one or two of our channels that we can supply through.

And that may or may not be direct and so there is a lot of iterations there and it is difficult to predict. At the end of the day we are focused on retaining the volume almost regardless of the Channel.",2,2,2,2,2,2,2,2,1,2,2,2
"Given your stated position that you really don’t want to be below one year’s cash, so by and sometime in the fourth quarter you would be roughly with one year’s cash position. So, why delay in licensing either the TNFerade program or the FMD program?","Thanks for the question. I think in this case, we never really want to below year’s cash. In this cash we have a unique opportunity to see a real robust amount of data from the program later this year and we have to make some decisions about the company at that time. So, in general would not want to get below year’s cash, if that situation happens I’m comforted by the fact that by the time we receive the data, which we are comfortable that will take place in the fourth quarter that we’ll have a significant amount of time to move the business forward in whatever directions dictated by the data. So, I’m not overly concerned by that, this is inline with our expectations about how we would form the company going into that milestone.",2,2,2,2,2,2,0,0,0,1,2,2
"Goldman Sachs. Just a couple of questions please. First, while your North American revenue growth was better than the reported number after taking account the change in the accounting for warranty sales, what percent year-over-year is a bit closer than what you have been seeing more recently. Can you tell us if there is anything company specific that's causing the slowdown, is it more of a function of the macro environment?","We believe it's probably more a function of the overall macro environment. As I said before Min, we have seen relative softness in the Government and large corporate segments but we have seen relative strength as well in our retail business and also in our specialty units in the Avid division and in the data capture point of sale division as well. But I do believe that overall we are doing fairly well in the market, kind of maintaining our share there but it is a bit spotty in demand overall.",2,2,1,2,1,1,2,1,1,1,2,1
All right. And then so within that is the half million a week?,"Yes, that’s correct. So you get more cost in the short period of year, because you got start up cost associated whether you got, marketing…We've been spending money when we've been (Inaudible).Yeah, we’re growing our product. But after it’s up and running, it’s 500,000 a week as I said, Mr. Murdoch point out today.",2,1,1,2,1,2,2,0,1,2,2,1
"Okay. And then the – just looking at the breakdown of the $5.3 million in costs that was identified, I think you said $3.6 million was, was that purely of Shoals startup costs I may have missed that?","Yes, now that was a combinations but we haven’t broken out and we’re not breaking out the Danville call it, the Danville is idle currently, the Danville carrying cost as well as the Shoals startup cost. We haven’t broken those out, but of the $5.3 I think it was $3.6 in total for those two items. And the Shoals’ items the larger of that two and as I said, the Danville one drops pretty diametrically with the asset write-down, the impairment that you’re at.",1,2,1,2,1,1,2,1,1,2,2,1
"Just 15% of revenue of last year's quarter in AT&T and then 18% or 18.3% or something like that? And it was flat, the reported revenue is flat, so the implication is I think about $11 million higher from AT&T?","Yes. I mean all I would say is, as we have said in [indiscernible], we clearly got significant AT&T growth but also we have got significant growth with another top 10 client. And clearly, AT&T has been a significant driver, both in the quarter and in 2014. I need to look at your specific constant currency numbers, Shlomo, to really zone in on what you have got going there. But I would say that we got broad based growth across multiple verticals, multiple clients, inside the top 10, outside the top 10. But you are absolutely right, AT&T has been a dominant growth factor for us in 2014 and in quarter one. But it is certainly not the single factor.",1,2,1,2,2,2,2,2,1,2,2,2
"Okay. How long does a company and the Board pursue this strategy before possibly considering other strategic alternatives? In other words if you -- another couple of quarters margins don't improve and indeed pricing persists which could cause ongoing pressure on the business, how long does the company look at that before deciding perhaps make different strategic choices?


","So, Keith, this is Anup. I just want to add something that Suresh said in terms of the confidence in the leverage in the model we are going forward. So we talk about the time to maturity of sales team that we bring on board, just to give you a perspective. So, less than 60% of the team that we have on board are actually in the mature category. So we have a lot of teams on board that we’ve brought on in the last year that we expect will improve the P&L in the back half of next year.",0,0,0,0,0,1,2,1,1,2,2,0
"Thanks for that Michele. I don't know if you want to take this one or Steve, but just as a follow-up sort of unrelated, just any comments you might have on just current levels of promotion, the promotional environment and what you expect to see there of the balance of 4Q and into '21? Thanks.","Yeah, we don't see any significant change relative to promotional activity. We didn't really see it this year, we didn't execute anything significantly differently and nor do we expect to see anything in the future.",2,2,2,2,2,1,1,1,1,0,2,1
"Okay. Great. And in the Eagle Ford, we've heard some other folks in the industry talking recently about continuing to have success staying in zone as they drill the laterals, and also recently heard something about another McMullen County operator saying that they actually were narrowing their target to a pretty defined interval that they were going after there. Can you give any insight on targeting on laterals, especially in McMullen there?","Well, as you know, Noel, we do spend a lot of time staying in zone. We think that's of utmost importance for a successful completion. So yes, we do have a narrow target in the Eagle Ford that we are very comfortable that we're capable of staying in. Our geologists and -- are geo steering these wells 24/7. They've done an excellent job of staying in zone, and that could be one of the contributing factors to the very substantial success we've had on our wells so far to date.",2,2,2,2,2,2,2,2,1,1,2,2
"Okay. Okay. And then I don't know if it's easy to quantify or if we've looked at it this way, but I imagine if you had passenger car programs with OEMs in the pipeline or in the works or potentially being launched, those are either getting canceled or reduced. Just any commentary about your exposure there, if you can?","Yes. Ironically, those programs that have been announced over the last six months, we didn't have a lot in our forecast for those. We do believe that as they pivot towards new electric and autonomous vehicles, obviously those additional platforms will work well for us.",2,2,2,2,2,2,1,1,1,1,1,2
"That makes a lot of sense. And then one more question on the -- I'm sticking with follow-ons to Chris' questions, which I thought were solid. The early part of the season versus the latter part of the season. The earlier part of the season was exceptionally robust and you said late part was a bit softer, but in -- somewhere in your remarks, I think you said all in total Holiday, so both early part and late part finished down mid-single digits for the category.
I think mathematically to get the category down mid-single digits, we're going to have to see some pretty, pretty sharp declines coming through the retail sales data in the next couple of weeks as we capture that late part of the season. Am I thinking about it right, am I interpreting your comments correctly?","Yes. Yes, you are interpreting them correctly. So category was down mid-single digits overall as much as our business was actually up and we will see some of those declines. And Jason, one other thing to just keep in mind, there is a little bit of a timing impact from the Nielsen and IRI data, given the season was on a Saturday versus a Thursday and based on retail reporting days. So you will probably even see it's down even more. And you'll have to wait till kind of mid-November till you see some of those last couple days being reported. So some of it when you see will be just the timing shifts of the day of the week and some of it will certainly be the declines in trick-or-treat at the end.",2,2,1,2,2,2,2,2,1,2,2,1
"Okay, and then I know would you can't say exactly when the Allovectin results might be out, but is mid next year still a decent estimate there.","We should have some good idea going into first quarter, remember there are two issues in Allovectin-7? We have a minimum of 12 months follow up and that 12 months follow up ends in Feb? At that point in time if all the patients are off treatment, then it’s a matter of closing the database, but there are still a lot of patients on the study, then we are not going to close the database and continue to treat the patients because we want to make sure we get responders out, the study is blinded to us.

So, I think by Feb of next year, we should have an idea of where we going to be and the second important point is survival, we want to make sure that when we close the data base, we also lock in the survival. So, I think at this point in time, middle of the year or second half should be a reasonable time but we will give you a better understanding in the first quarter of next year.",2,2,2,2,1,2,2,0,0,2,2,2
"And how important is it that, that best person has any familiarity with office products?","I can't answer that today. All I can say is as an analogy, I was on the research team at DirecTV when Chase Carey went back to News Corp., and our initial specs to get a CEO were to find somebody that knew the media entertainment or television business. And then out of the box, candidate Mike White, who had been Vice Chairman of Pepsi and the former CFO of Pepsi came in, and he's doing an extraordinary job. So I don't want to rule out anybody at this point.",1,0,1,1,1,1,1,0,1,1,2,1
"Okay. Just as a follow-up, like, what have you seen as a competitive response to -- with respect to you winning new business on LitePoint side?","What they tend to do is try to copy our product. We had 4 up testing, now everyone else has 4 up testing. But we have other things up our sleeve that they don't know about. So we're always, we believe, a turn ahead of them with some innovation. But they generally are fast followers. And the customers tell them, ""Do what LitePoint did. Do what LitePoint did."" But they're not starting with the best architecture to do that, so they have to make trade-offs. And often, they have higher COGS in their product. The other thing they're doing in the short term is they do what others do, they lower price. But we have much better throughput, so we tend -- that's usually not the best way for them to respond, but that's the only thing they can do in the short term.",2,2,2,2,2,2,2,1,0,2,2,1
"Hi. Thanks. And I also like to extend my best wishes to Lowell and congrats to Hans. Just a couple of topics, if I could.
First on the strategic side. As I listened to the management commentary over the past year, is the underlying goal for Verizon to become a leading provider of broadband in the home and on-the-go across the country? And if this is the direction, how long would it take and how much can be driven by internal investments versus possible M&A? And then just one thing on the business trends. Postpaid phone growth at the industry level has risen to more than twice the rate of population growth. Do you have any thoughts on what's driving this change? And the sustainability for postpaid phones at this new level of growth? Thanks.
","And Mike, I think I'd just add one thing. It's funny, when you're at this point in your career, you get to look back and you see an awful lot of similar questions, but just asked in a different way. I remember when we brought Verizon together back in '99, and we had about 20% market penetration on, you know, postpaid, and there was no smartphone and people were saying, where's the industry going. You can't possibly get any more penetration than you've gotten.
And at that point, I pointed to areas like Sweden, Hans' home country, that was at 50% penetration, and we thought, ""Gee, we got all sorts of headroom."" And now we're over a 100% penetration and you see wearables, and with 5G, Hans mentioned this and I mentioned it in my opening remarks, you're going to see so much more penetration on all of the different business applications that are going to change people's lives. So, you know, I really don't think much about postpay or smartphones or any category you want to look at as an opportunity for future growth. There are so many things and we have literally 0% penetration in today that are going to be big businesses five years from now. That's why I'm so excited to see the way we're positioned and the leadership team's philosophy around dealing with customer pain points and providing them the products that they're going to need -- that will be indispensable five years from now.
",1,1,1,1,1,2,1,2,1,1,2,2
So you are working with Nuscale now in that regard?,That's correct. We've been working with them for quite some time. They're very public about that,2,1,1,2,2,2,2,0,1,1,2,0
"Okay. I appreciate that. And my follow-up, looking at your gas price outlook, Steve, obviously sub-$5 with constraints on even the potential for more activity as prices go up and the power generation switchback. I mean, how do you look at the Fayetteville in sort of that light if -- I don't know what your sort of near-term look is the next, say, 3 years? Where do you see activity there at the 400, 450? Do you kind of maintain your activity that you're doing right now on the Fayetteville, or would you increase that at a certain price point?","I think from just a strategic standpoint, we really started in 2011, trying to keep the Fayetteville Shale within its cash flow with a thought that in the not too distant future it could generate excess cash flow to apply to some other things. And we do have a large backlog of wells to kind of what price we have out there. So I think as you look into the future, we will increase or decrease well count based on basically how much cash flow comes out of the Fayetteville Shale. This year, we're drilling about 400 wells. We're not quite balanced. As we look into the next year, I can tell you we'll start the year running 7 rigs. And if you ran 7 rigs all year that would be in the 350-type number well range, again, depending on how fast you're drilling those kinds of things. So we will adjust it. As price gets higher and there's more cash flow, we'll drill more wells on the other side, but I don't know how much lower we'll go from where we're at right now. That's something we're talking about in our 2013 capital plans.",2,2,2,2,2,2,2,2,1,1,2,1
"Thanks. Good evening. Thanks for taking my question. Good progress on your plan. With wearables really starting to become a much more significant part of the mix, it sounds like you guys are much more confident on the trajectory in that category and your position in the category. Is that a fair characterization? And then as a follow-on to that, if you look at the current offering, the offering you've had over the holiday and you have now in the wearables, what are some of the opportunities to improve that offering? What are some of the feedback you're getting from consumers, what they like about it, what they don't like about it, and anything you can give us on that front from a product perspective, that would be helpful? Thank you.","Thanks, Omar. As you can see we're getting good traction on wearables overall. Our first quarter sell-throughs are pretty good. We seem to be getting somewhat of a viral impact where the more people wear them, the more they tell their friends about them. We're seeing pretty good sell-throughs on that. So, from our perspective, we've got some great new products coming the back half of the year. A lot of it is more health and wellness oriented, great new technology, new software, the product is getting better and better. So, we think we're in good position for that. In addition to that, our situation with traditional watches, we saw sequential improvement in sell-through during the first quarter that is kind of compelling to us. You also have noticed that the Swiss watch business is getting better. So, there could be some incidental activity going on and just the interest in overall watches. In our experience, when the upper end of a business gets good, we have a follow-on effect from that and watches just like any other cyclical business, it's not good until it is and we're putting a lot of innovation and differentiation into the marketplace as much as possible, telling new stories. So now we're in a position with both traditional watches, with ramping up our innovation and differentiation and also with wearables, we're bringing new products to market, our addressable market is actually much larger. Wearables last year was an $18 billion business, growing to $33 billion in three years. So, we're in a position with tool kit for both wearables and traditional watches, a great global distribution platform including our own distribution plus increasing e-comm and digital capabilities. In addition to that, we have CE (38",2,2,1,2,2,2,2,2,0,2,2,2
"Thanks, good morning. Tony tightened up on CapEx a little bit here, $270 million in cash and improved liquidity. Just, could you help us a little bit with net debt expectations in the second half and how we should be thinking about interest expense into the next year?",With less capitalized interest.,0,0,1,0,0,1,1,0,1,1,2,1
Okay. Got it. And then it sounded like from the very beginning of your opening remarks that the slowdown started about half way through the quarter and then obviously there’s bounce back in October. Was there anything specific you was feel was behind that? And then also was it timing related with selling days or anything like that?," We really didn’t see anything specific. We obviously did look and try to understand and there really wasn’t anything specific other than the matters we sort of mentioned and then you’ve seen the pickup in October. We just haven’t seen it and – basically for us it was obviously we initially looked at it and said – looked at directionally but basically once we saw the numbers coming back in October, that obviously gave us a lot more comfort. But basically we think that you go back and you take into account the chemical issue which was an unexpected issue and the currency where it is. I mean the business is doing much better as I indicated, the sales are up and the numbers are up in local currencies, up over 60%. So again, it’s as if the factor -- all these factors at the time just really shaved the top.",2,0,2,1,2,1,2,2,1,0,2,1
What’s the – what’s the timing on construction of the new headquarters? Any update there?,We’re spending all of our energy on constructing new products.,0,0,0,0,0,0,2,0,1,1,2,1
I didn’t understand your 6% reference Rich.,I was trying to draw just a correlation to how you actually did in the license side of the quarter and what happened in December ‘07 timeframe. That was about a 6% year-over-year decline if that’s a fair compare.,2,2,1,1,1,1,2,2,0,1,2,1
"Thank you. Couple of questions, please. Quite a few number of Bristol narrowed its footprint in emerging markets intentionally to focus on I think what it felt was geographies where it had more scale and presence. But with Celgene folded in you're a much bigger organization. And it kind of makes me wonder what the plan is with emerging markets going forward. I don't even see emerging markets or China, mentioned in the press release or in the slide deck. But as we've seen across industry, geographies, like China are very important, especially in their oncology. So it makes me wonder if there's kind of an untapped revenue stream here. And what's the solution, if you think there is indeed a problem that you don't have a big enough footprint now given the size of the company? The second question is on LAG3. If I understand it you have pivotal LAG3 plus Opdivo in combination data coming up around year-end, in first line melanoma as a program that doesn't seem to be get talked about very much investor expectations are low. My question is, should those expectations be low do you view this as a high risk program?","Thank you, Tim. Let me just answer your first question. And then I'll ask Samit to give you his perspective on the ongoing LAG3 program. I think you're point is really important. It is a very good question. You are right that given our focus on oncology and all of the work that we have done over the last few years, we have been focused primarily on, I would say the developed world. I must say we have a meaningful presence in developing countries. And when we've seen when we look at the development of our oncology business in particular, we have had significant success actually outside of the US and Europe and major markets, including Central and Eastern Europe and some of the key markets in Latin America. And as you know recently with the approval of Opdivo in China. So it is also accurate that now we have a broader portfolio and more opportunities to establish a larger presence outside of the tier one top markets. And I'm actually really confident we have the right capabilities there. And we have a strong base to continue to invest internationally. There is a real opportunity, but there is also already a presence of the BMS portfolio that has been successful there. So, we'll continue to invest, across different geographies and there is an opportunity with a broader portfolio to have an even broader approach with respect to the footprint. Samit?",2,2,2,2,2,2,2,2,1,1,2,2
"Okay. And if I think about ZBVs as you're shipping to municipalities, I'm wondering what the -- how that pricing may be different than, say, to government. Are you seeing a trim on your pricing? Are you seeing a little bit better pricing? How's the competitive scale there, et cetera?","To date, I'm not seeing anything [indiscernible] point. Keep in mind, those are GSA price list, so that provides a nice floor from my perspective.",1,1,1,1,1,1,2,1,1,1,2,1
Is there anything contractual there that obliges them or is it all based on mutual concern?,Well I do think we have a fairly clearly laid out set of contracts that explain what the mechanics will be around the cash transfer.,1,2,0,2,2,1,2,1,1,1,2,1
"So it's mainly on the economics, I mean you mentioned the hedges, is it... you said it was negligible price cost this quarter. I mean are you assuming it gets worse 3Q, 4Q or any any other dynamics?","To be honest, probably we're more concerned about quarter three than we are quarter four.",2,2,2,2,2,2,2,2,1,1,2,0
"Significant, Craig, year over year? Or is it more like a CPI number?",Probably more in the CPI range would probably be more realistic?,2,2,2,2,2,2,2,0,1,0,2,1
"Okay. But I guess as you've probably going to gather -- you might have already gathered, I mean the results in the quarter of 36% was below the -- at least 40% guidance which you've reiterated several times this year. And I guess just try to again gauge this level of that that we can get back this distraction in the distributor side of your salesforce has been rectified and as you look into the third and fourth quarter, how do we get comfort as people on the outside that you can actually return to that level of growth? And the follow-on to that is given that this has now happened in this segment of our salesforce, how do you -- how does this not happen again? In a sense, how do you get these people perhaps more engaged or does this take you then having to perhaps go direct in more segments as opposed to relying on distributors?","Well, first off, I'll focus on the 80% of our revenue, which is really the direct channel. So, that's a portion of the business that we have clean and direct control over. And that's an increasing part of our business. Doesn't mean that we are going to be a hybrid model. The reason we think we want to be a hybrid model over the long-term is because their trauma is by design geographically spread out. And there are some selected trauma centers that are very good trauma centers, but they're geographically difficult to reach and maybe not concentrated enough. Examples are Alaska, Hawaii, Puerto Rico, parts of South Dakota. There are trauma centers in each of those locations, but no one of those in our current call pattern is probably large enough to put in a direct rep, at least at this point. And so what we're really doing is right-sizing what we consider to be some of our independent territories to say we definitely want strong partners in those locations. But in other areas where we may not be getting the focus, we're going to continue to divide out some of the territories and transition to direct reps. And you've seen us do that over time while the number of independent agencies has stayed about the same actually over the last year. The amount of trauma centers that they cover has actually gone down because we've been dividing out their territory and that's where some of the base has come for many of the direct reps that we've added. And that continues to be our strategy. You can see that we're planning to add some more reps over the rest of the year that will come from dividing either distributor or independent agencies territories or are direct territories. We still also plan to continue to split territories when they approach $2 million revenue number on any unrealized basis. We think that is where you might start to see some dampening of growth and that's obviously our goal is to continue to drive significant growth. And so we don't want to have that, so we set the expectation with our direct team and do execute such that we split territories when they are somewhere between a $1.5 million and $2.5 million. So, with all those things combined, I think we're in a good spot having addressed these. We won't eliminate all of our independent distributors, but we will be less reliant on that portion of the channel as we continue to grow.",2,2,2,2,2,2,2,2,1,2,2,2
Okay. And what do you expect for AUR trends going forward?,"I don’t think we comment at this point, but it’s run relatively flat all year round for us.",1,0,1,0,1,1,2,1,1,1,2,1
"Citi Investment Research. Can you talk a little bit about what you're seeing in your Furniture business? I think you highlighted it, comps positively during the quarter. There's some thought out there that it's temporary, that landlords are incentivizing businesses to move to smaller spaces. Do you have read on the sustainability of this trend?","Kate, this is Kevin. We're very pleased with our Furniture business. We, Office Depot, for a period of time was in the Furniture business. We lost our way. Our customers have told us over time that Furniture's an important category for them. I don't think we were as relevant as we could have been. So we've made a big investment in getting back into the Furniture business. And it started really a couple of years ago, we've got an exciting private brand assortment, as well as national brands, a real we're focus on seating and modular furniture and very, very attractive price points, not only within the OSS space but perhaps more importantly, even within the broader retail. So I think, we're increasingly becoming a destination for furniture, data from NPD, which is a private source that provide market share, would probably confirm that. And at this point, we don't see any softness on the near-term horizon for the Furniture category.",2,2,1,2,2,2,2,1,1,2,2,1
"And then I’m just intrigued by you comment at second half Cable Network growth looks stronger than the first half, is it fair to say then that March quarter domestic ad pacing for cable networks could be accelerated for what we just saw in the December quarter?","Yeah, and first it's not doubling, I mean it’s strong, I mean it's not, right now it feels its not stronger so I wouldn’t, it's not like it exploded in the second half, but it's not stronger than it was in the first half.",1,1,1,1,1,1,1,0,0,0,2,1
How does Lakeland keep track of all the emergencies? You wake up and you turn on the news and there’s the crisis of the day that is what the company does. You respond to these crises. How does the company – how are you aware or how are your people aware of what you should do to respond to these emergencies each day?," Well, usually the way it happens is there is an emergency and it’s – it involves somebody. If it’s an oil-spill it involves the oil company. If it’s a tank car spill, it involves the railroad. If it’s a pandemic, it usually involves the hospitals. Those people who are directly affected usually or immediately call their safety distributor looking for equipment. And it’s not just the protective apparel that we manufacture. We really stick to apparel, but they’ll call – they’re looking for respirators to, so they’ll be on with the distributor looking for respirators and they might call 3M directly, because 3M is the biggest manufacturer of the respirator, so it’s – really they usually call us. We’ll see it on the nightly news, and then the next morning they’ll call us. But we usually hear it before the nightly news. So – I mean that’s how we respond. We usually respond to the end-user customer directly or we respond to the distributor who’s being called by the end-user. And we keep inventory all over the world.",1,1,1,1,1,1,2,1,1,2,2,1
"And then on -- in terms of the sale of those coal assets, other companies in the industry have had the challenge in selling their metallurgical coal assets. If there -- if finding a seller is challenging, how would you -- is there still a path to exiting the business?","So finding a seller is not challenging, it's the buyer. I think that's what you're referring to. The -- I would say a couple of things. We will have an ultimate backup plan in the event that we're unsuccessful. I want to talk about our outlook in that regard. But I mean, our plan would be, if we're not successful, we would significantly downsize further in order to try to meet only the needs of the coke plant, and then over time, even rationalize that. So it just wouldn't be done immediately because in the end, we still need 1.05 million tons to go into the coke plants. And some reasonable portion of those tons need to come from -- should come from logistically the mines that are very close by. But the fallback plan would be to minimize the absolute level of adjusted EBITDA loss and cash that needs to be -- the cash that will be burned in the business, why you rationalize it over time. That's the fallback plan. Now the principal plan, if you think about it, we're surrounded by strategics. If we think about $110 of cash cost, which is -- and yet with our exit rated margin, with our goal really for 2014, we think that if our mines were combined with someone that had significant scale, they could take another chunk of cost out of the above ground cost, call it another $5 to $10 roughly, this is something I reviewed in Analyst Day. And then lastly, a more efficient per plant located better, in a better location to the mines, and probably another $10, which if we think about $90 of cash cost for deep room and pillar mid-vol coal is certainly a much more competitive level than we've been at. The asset itself, we have an offtake agreement that we could offer. We could do the prep plant and then offer it on an offtake basis and then put it into the MLP. And lastly, we're very flexible on structure of -- it's not like we need to do this transaction to raise cash, so we could take our consideration to multiple form. I think we've got, we've had quite a bit of inbound interest, but obviously, we need to be able to translate that into a transaction, so we're early in the process. But I think we believe we have both the assets and the opportunity and the openness to a transaction that would allow us to get this done, and that's what we're going to work on in 2014.",2,2,2,2,2,2,2,2,1,1,2,1
Is that correct?,That is correct.,2,2,2,2,2,2,2,1,1,2,2,1
"My first question is just about the Check business. I know, Jeff, you noted that as that business volumes are declining. I guess, can you size that business for us? And I guess going into 2012, is it just becoming so small and it's not going to be material by then?","Yes. The business is in the $200 million, $250 million range in terms of overall revenues. And the drag, or the percent size of the drag, is pretty material. That's why we called it out this year, but there's another factor. So it's not just that you have people writing less checks, but you have many more people converting those paper checks, specifically at merchant, like converting paper checks to electronic or whatever the case maybe. And so you have not just less checks, but you have less paper overall in the system. And that's really a function of all of the capture, the remote capture, and things like that, that have been moved in the system over the last few years. As that has gotten up to scale, that's tipping or accelerating the level of decline in that business. Now again, that will level out at some point, but it's going to continue to drag on us for a while.",2,2,1,2,2,1,2,2,2,2,2,0
"Got it. And then on the second part when you talk about shifting investment from commercial enterprises on performance. I missed this in the past, but what exactly did you stop investing on the commercial side that's hurting you and what exactly investing to help you?

","There are really three changes that impacted us. One is when we look at a mix of teams that we brought on board, over half of the teams in the last four quarters have been non-commercial teams named account teams. So number of sales teams we are adding is lower in the commercial segment than traditionally has been. That is the first thing. The second one which has even more short-term impact is we have a lot of marketing programs, channel programs aimed at opportunity generation and these are fairly short-cycle opportunity generation. Typically 75 to 90 days cycles in which they convert and so we pull investments from both marketing and channel or shifted investments toward larger enterprise wins rather than commercial wins. Both of those investments that we intend to grow back and add again in our business model.",2,2,2,2,2,1,2,2,1,1,2,2
" Good morning. Thank you. I have two questions. I promise to be quick.
First, you mentioned that retail inventory is down in most markets. Where was it up, and by how much and why? And then I have a follow-up, please."," Sure. Retail inventory is up a little bit with our Wizards business, and it's up a little bit in our games business. But these are very, very small increases. I would say, overall, inventory is either kind of in line with a year ago or slightly below.
And it's just where we have increasing demand and sales.",2,2,1,2,2,1,2,0,1,2,2,1
"Got it. And just to follow-up on your July 4 comment, if you were to exclude the July 4th shift, is there any way to kind of parse out what that trend would look like?","I don't have the exact weeks in front of me to kind of normalize for it, but I would tend to say that the shift obviously improved coming out of July 4th week from that standpoint. I -- I would tell you -- I would say, to add to that though, even pulling out the July 4th, I don't think we are where we were, in let's call it, P6, in June where we were seeing comps across the board in the mid-2's.",1,1,1,1,1,2,2,0,1,1,2,1
"Good afternoon guys. A few questions, and I will just round them off. The first one is, you're not the first -- there has been a few lately that have been talking about the surprising lack of promotion response, and I know you ruled out Ortega and perhaps set that aside; but concerning with the threat that connects that lack of responses or some types of promotions I am assuming not working, its how you determine to [indiscernible] for that, it’s a relatively new phenomena, any sort of color around that would be helpful, because it seems to be something that's not just B&G related? And then secondly, any numbers you could put to your inefficiencies that you've had related to your rapid growth in acquisitions lately, such that we could think about, how much of this year's pain might be reversed in next year? Thank you.","Sure. We look at our inefficiencies on these acquisitions. I mean, we are really talking about distribution, and distribution means both delivery and warehousing, and we are seeing most of that inefficiency here in the first half. We are going to see some of it in the second half, but not to the level we saw in the first half. So as we look at that number that we are going against and trying to reduce going forward, it has probably incrementally cost us a little over $1 million in our warehousing, and about $2 million in our delivery costs. That's what we are trying -- I think we believe the move to warehousing will get most of that back in 2015. The distribution side is a little more challenging, because we are going up against carriers, who are pushing us harder and harder to increase rates. So that's -- one of the piece that could offset that, as we get more efficient and eat into that $2 million of over spending that we will do on an annual basis this year, we got to fight back on the rates that will eat away some of those savings we will see next year. But the warehousing should all happen. We should start really seeing the results in Houston here in the third quarter, and then in the fourth quarter, [indiscernible] much of those results, because that move will happen in the fourth quarter, but that should all be set for our Tennessee warehouse to be ready to go late fourth quarter, plus we will see those results as we head into the new 2015.",1,1,1,1,1,1,2,2,1,1,2,0
"Yes. Okay. So we did not have a hangover effect in terms of product moving into the third quarter, and can you just clarify the second piece of question again?","I think on the second piece, just, I think, I’d just answer that already. We -- our business is all about chasing sales trends. So, I’ll remind you, coming into Q3 our guidance was a 1 to 2 comp in Q3 and we were able to chase it up to a 7%. So we’ve been pretty good about our ability to go out and get merchandise in Q4 if the sales trend is there.",1,2,1,2,1,2,1,1,1,1,0,1
"Make sense. And then the, given where your leverage is now and again, you may have touched on this, I'm sorry, if you have. But given where your leverage is now, and it's kind of within that target range, should we, I know you've picked up a few plants and done some things like that. And I know you've got plans for plant kind of Greenfield type stuff and expansions on your own. But should we expect you guys to start kind of ramp it up on the on the M&A front? And just given where we are in the cycle, which still seems very reasonable and your leverage here?","I said earlier, I liked the position we're in. We don't have to buy anybody. We can invest through just our normal CapEx. If we come kind pf across opportunities, that are a good value at good multiples. We can be opportunistic, we can pay down debt. So I like the flexibility. I like to position we're in. Short answer, yes, we're going to keep looking to expand our value add offering. But it's got to be an acquisition that makes sense. And this one we just did, obviously we built did make sense, but there could be some other smaller opportunities out there come our way.",2,2,2,2,2,2,2,2,0,2,2,2
"Okay, great. And then final question on BOT. Would leasing be part of this whole BOT, or is this -- we're talking about apples and oranges, you're just looking at different business models, one's leasing and one's BOT, right?
","I see it as separate models. It's vague. There's people argue, it's part of the BOT model. But I see it as an expansion of that, if you will. Leasing is going to be more fixed payment-driven as opposed to tied to performance at the site. So in my world, I would see this slightly different but the same general idea.
",1,2,1,1,1,1,1,2,1,1,2,1
"And then just final question, on ZashPay. Looks like you're charging, just on looking at the website, about $0.75 per transaction on your own website. But I'd just be curious to hear how you're seeing most of the FIs at this point price the product or, if most, are giving it away?","Chris, I will get to that e-bill question that I forgot to answer to. I got slapped by Tom for that. But on ZashPay, yes, on the consumer side, we are charging $0.75. But most of financial institutions right now are looking at this. They see it to be a very high-value solution. They think it's going to move into the kind of the daily habits of their consumers, and they see it as a way to build fee revenue. So most of the clients that we're talking to right now are looking at ways to either charge for it. Many of them have already implemented and are charging for the send element. And I've heard some clients talk about, well, if you use a debit card x number of times, they'll let you have Zash transactions. So there are a variety of ways that you can bundle these solutions to try to create more value for clients. So my guess is it's going to become a fee generating item, and I think it will actually be quite helpful over the next several years for financial institutions as they look for that fee revenue. Just a quick comment on the e-bill. We continue to think e-bill is critical, not just for the fact that it unlocks growth, but it's ordinarily differentiating us as it relates to bill payment experience. Tom, I think, mentioned that we are investing in our Biller area and through our SmartConnect product. And so we are investing there. You'll hear more about that over the next year, and we are maniacally focused on unlocking some of the value that exists there. You may remember, we've got, call it, $100 million of embedded latent revenue that's sitting there. And it's a fixed cost business, so there's a lot of opportunity there. So we are focused on that as well.",2,2,2,2,2,2,2,2,1,1,2,2
"Good morning, thanks. Hey, Steve, I was hoping you could back on the volume side, obviously weak by geographies. But in terms of just service lines can you comment and give some kind of characterization of the volume, between say what looked better worse between say, ortho or cardio or any other specific business lines? And then on the topic of the weak volume, I know Garry asked about tighter utilization management in Behavioral Care, are you seeing anything different in your acute markets, would that be a contributor as well as the weak accounting.","Sure. Again, I think the trends, Frank, overall remain much the same and that is – and again I think A.J. was asking a similar question kind of from a different angle. But, we continue to see relatively steady volumes in our most tertiary, most severe procedures, as you would expect. Because quite frankly there sort of is no alternative inpatient treatment for those kinds of procedures. Within those kinds of procedures, we have seen a shift, as I think most of our peers have away from cardiac into orthopedics and certain other specialties over the last few years. We have seen the same decline in birth that many of our peers have seen. Again, I don’t necessarily feel like any of the trends that we have seen, other than sort of as indicated by the specific conditions in our markets are terribly different than what our peers say and experienced as well. As far as the utilization management goes, in effect I would give the same answer. I think we face the same increased pressure on rigorous review of the appropriateness of admissions as every hospital in the country and as a consequence we are feeling that same shift from inpatient to outpatient that again I think every hospital feels. But I don’t necessarily have any reason to believe that in our markets or in our hospitals we are sort of experiencing it in any sort of unique way or any differently than the average hospital in the country is experiencing it.",2,2,1,2,2,1,2,2,1,0,2,1
"Yes, hey, thanks. Good morning. I guess, building somewhat on earlier questions, I'd love a little bit more color around your general mind-set heading into '21, as you work through your planning process. Clearly there are parts of your business that have been under pressure this year international, movie theaters, vending specialty, etc. and hopefully all those set up for at least directional recovery in the year ahead.
But at the same time, you've been gaining a lot of share, you've had great success in at-home categories like baking and with initiatives like S'mores, all of which is fantastic momentum, but again could set up for difficult year-over-year comparisons.
So as you size it altogether, I guess is there a way to frame your thinking at a summary level, to what degree those various puts and takes sort of just net each other out in your mind or are you approaching '21 planning, thinking we've got either a net easier or net harder set up versus what one might consider typical? Thanks.","Yeah. So we're pleased with the momentum that we are seeing and I would say your call-outs in what you shared about some of the ups and downs in the business I think are very accurate. We believe we're seeing that our category and our brands really resonate with consumers and especially at a time like this, where they're looking for some of those moments of goodness, moments of happiness. We're really pleased with how we've been able to pivot with the consumer and also pivot with our capabilities to be able to execute within this environment.
And we feel good about that momentum and our ability to continue pivoting. So this year, obviously it was consumer shifted to take home and so we dialed up S'mores and we dialed up Twizzlers and we dialed up baking and we leaned into create the season to make sure that we could capture that opportunity, giving consumers new ways to participate in Halloween that frankly we believe those things like candy slides and candy graveyards and all the creative things people did will probably become a part of their ongoing traditions and they have just evolved.
As I mentioned, we were able to dial-in and accelerate e-commerce. And I think as we look to next year, we are prepared if the consumer pivots, yet again, to be able to pivot with them. I think we've built and we've demonstrated an ability to execute well during this environment and also to pivot from an executional perspective, whether it's at retail or in our manufacturing facility.
So we're very focused on that. We've captured as well some cultural positive effects, I think capabilities we've built in terms of operating in this environment that perhaps allow us to make decisions more quickly and we think that is an enabler for us going forward. So we feel -- we feel good about that, as we look to the future.",2,2,1,2,2,2,2,1,1,1,2,2
" Yes. Good afternoon. Thank you. Jen-Hsun, I wanted to ask a couple of questions again on the datacenter business. The first being, we've done a little bit of work trying to estimate in our team what the long-term server attach rate for accelerators in general could be, and for GPUs within that. So it'd be really interesting to hear your perspectives on that. And then secondly, is there a market there for an APU-type product in the datacenter? I know you guys have Project Denver and some other things going on from the CPU perspective. But is there a deep learning integrated CPU/GPU play that might open up more TAM long term for your company that you guys are considering pursuing? Thank you."," Sure. Yeah. First of all, the type of workloads in the datacenter is really changed. Back in the good old days, it largely ran database searches but that has changed so much. It's no longer just about text, it's no longer just about data. The vast majority of what's going through the Internet and what's going through datacenters today, as you guys know very well, are images, there are voice, there an increasingly and probably one of the most important new data formats is live video. Live video, if you think about it for just a moment, it's live video, so it doesn't stay in the server, and it doesn't get recorded, which means that if you want to enjoy that live video, there needs to be a fair amount of artificial intelligence capability in the datacenter that's running real time on their live video, so that the person that might be interested in the video stream that you're streaming knows who to alert, and who to invite to come and watch the live video. And so if you think about datacenter traffic going forward, my sense is that the workload is going to continue to be increasingly high throughput, increasingly high multimedia content, and increasingly, of course, powered by AI and powered by deep learning. And so I think that's number one. The second is that the architecture of the datacenter is recognizably, understandably changing because the workload is changing. Deep learning is a very different workload than the workload of the past. And so the architecture, it's a new computing model, it recognized it needs a new computing architecture, and accelerators like GPUs are really, well, a good fit. And so now the question is, how much. It's hard to say, it's hard to say how much, but my sense is that it's going to be a lot, and without any predictions it's going to be a lot more than we currently ship. And so I think the growth opportunity for deep learning is quite significant. I think every hyperscale datacenter will be GPU accelerated. They will be GPU accelerated for training, they will be GPU accelerated for inferencing, there may be other approaches, but I think using GPUs is going to be a very large part of that. And then lastly, APUs. I guess for datacenters, I guess my sense is for datacenters, energy efficiency is such a vital part. And although the workload is increasingly AI, and increasingly live video and multimedia where GPUs can add a lot of value, there's still a lot of workload that is GPU-centric, and you still want to have an extraordinary CPU. And I don't think anybody would argue that Intel makes the world's best CPUs. It's not even close, there's not even a close second. And so I think the artfulness of, and the craftsmanship of Intel CPUs is pretty hard to deny. And for most datacenters, I think if you have CPU workloads anyways, I think Intel Xeons are hard to beat. And so that's my opinion, anyways.",2,2,2,2,2,2,2,0,2,2,2,2
"Yes. That's helpful. And then on the retail side, are you seeing actually first anything else on the acquisition landscape outside of the Albertson's that you acquired?","We don't have anything today that is anything of substance to discuss. I would tell you that again at the end of the third quarter, we said that that was one of the things that we hoped would be something we could accomplish more in 2008 than we did in 2007. I think the credit markets and the market probably works in our favor that we might be able to get some things done this year that might have been a little bit more difficult to have gotten done a year ago. I think for those that have a strong balance sheet and access to capital, those companies such as Nash Finch is in the best position to be and acquire for those that might want to divest their companies and leave their business.

I would tell you though that the types of acquisitions that we would consider and that we would be looking for as I've said before, I am not looking for a home run. I just want to look for a few base hits and when we can find a strong perishable company or specialty food company or a meat business that would complement our existing business within our current geography where there is a lot of synergies, those are the kinds of deals that we would be most interested in. We don't have anything to talk about today and also I might mention that to the extent that we could determine a proper acquisition in our Military business. We have always been open to considering that but those are the kinds of things that we are looking for, something that we can manage properly, manage the risk, integrate properly and where we don't bet the ranch on one single deal. So that is about the best I can tell you Mark regarding that.",2,2,2,1,1,1,2,2,2,1,1,1
"Just a follow up real quick. The cash taxes seem to be running at about $5 million the last two years. Best guess if your foreign businesses continue to improve in 2018, should that be similar to maybe a little higher in 2018? Is that a good way of thinking about it?","It again really depends on mix, but yes. I think that it’s going to be around that level.",2,2,2,2,2,2,2,1,1,1,1,1
"A question for Sharen and Nick, if I may, on the -- just rolling ahead and looking at holiday. You guys are very good at talking about where you see the opportunity in terms of product category versus last year. Where do you see that opportunity, if you can take a minute and just talk a little bit about that.","Yes, thank you. A couple of things. One for us is just going to be -- just based on our performance last holiday, which was strong, the big learning for us was how deep our planning went in terms of ensuring that we have various options available to us to maximize it. We're also going to look at -- knowing that it's a condensed period, we're also going to look at the real peak opportunities and how do we really maximize those peak opportunities while we know the traffic is absolutely going to be there versus one of the softer periods. We'll obviously continue to test different promotional ideas to make sure that we've got ideas on our back pocket as we go into holiday in case we need to call them. We spend a lot of time looking at gifting and trying to figure out how to continue the improvements in that business. And then at the end of the day, it'll be a lot of holiday for us will be about the right newness flowing at the right time and, again, maximizing our flexibility in terms of how we flow that newness so that we can be as close to the customer as possible.",2,2,2,2,2,2,2,1,0,2,2,1
"I just have one quick question. Everything has been asked and answered. You made a reference in the prepared remarks about Pirate's Booty is tracking ahead of your strategic plans. Can you talk about what are the key learnings that you've developed through your years as the CEO that has really helped you kind of make this a better acquisition and implemented, what are your key learnings and what do you take forward to future learnings -- the future acquisitions?","Well, so I think a lot of learnings along the way. I guess I would start with, there is a business model for brands that that we as a company are best with and that is branded items, where brand matters, where the business has significant scale probably close to that $100 million mark and it needs to be a business that has a high gross margin, because that's what our business model is. We're a branded company, we invest a lot in marketing and we have high margins that enable us to kind of invest and grow, invest and grow. And we -- that's our model. That's what we need. So I think that was one of the biggest learnings was to help us select the asset.
I think secondly, really understanding the strength of the brand and really being able to do the right deep dives on which KPIs, we think predict the ability for a brand to scale.
And then, I would say really trying to scale the business well and I would say, hey, we've learned lessons the whole way along the way, as you know in the past, we bought some businesses that were too small, we bought some businesses that had lower margins and we had some that we perhaps didn't execute on the scaling as well and I think we've done a very focused effort on the scaling as well and we've gotten much better at that, relative to supply chain, relative to the talent that we need, when we buy a company like this, where we want to keep the entrepreneurial spirit, we want to keep people who know the brand and the business.
But we also have to be focused on the point that we're also at a point where we want to scale the business. So I mean, I go back to the scale, the branded nature, the high margin are probably the biggest ones and then picking the right underlying KPIs that say it's a sustainable business, because if we can do that, we can make it home.
",2,2,2,2,2,1,2,1,1,1,2,1
" Okay. And considering that your big order that -- for like the shipments have been likely to be later, isn't it fundamentally different than whether Apple and Qualcomm go with the one set of foundries or the other? And therefore, do you have some contingency plans on what might happen if there are cancellations?","Yes, we're heavily engaged with the management team and have had a lot of meetings about support. So I'm confident as well that there is -- to Bren's point, that these orders are very solid. I think one thing we have seen in the recent past as the customer has consolidated more, we do see, I think, we have pretty good visibility into people's confidence in their plans. And usually, they'll let us know if it's not going to happen. But once they place the orders, it's pretty good indication. The only exception would have been what happened during the 2009, right after the financial crisis, I'd say then, in those environments, all bets are off. But since then, I think it's been very solid.
",1,1,1,2,1,1,2,2,1,2,2,2
"Would we have any timeline when we could potentially hear? Is it probably later this year, or maybe next year?",I don’t have a new timeline. I actually thought I would be already announcing. So we’re a little disappointed by that.,0,0,0,0,0,0,1,1,1,2,2,1
"Turning to your own pipeline and a couple of milestones, do you expect immunogenicity data from the H1N1 study this year?","Our original guidance was delayed because of the longer time to enroll patients, but we should have something out by the end of the year.",1,1,2,2,1,2,2,0,0,2,2,2
"Okay. So there's been several questions on this, and I'll ask it from a different angle. When will you start seeing the drop from the DoD? It appears that you're running at record levels on the services side? And if you could -- do you expect, first of all, to see a drop?
","Brian, as I said, we're now functioning under the Army contract, if you will. We are functioning as a sub to a prime, and I commented that we'll be at a reduced level. And that contract is in effect as we speak now, so we'll see that roll out over the next quarters.
",2,2,2,2,2,2,2,2,1,1,2,1
"Hi, guys. Thanks for taking my question. I had, first, a question on gross margin, especially in Q1. You said consoles are negligible.
Gross margins are 46%, so that suggests that that 46% is basically indicative of the business as it stands without consoles. So, does that represent kind of the peak of the business on the current mix? I'm a little surprised it's not higher, given all the new products in aggregate, we're supposed to have gross margins in excess of 50%, and most of the mix today should be new products? So, I guess, how do we think about the Q1 gross margins in the context of that? And what are the drivers that take it higher from here? Is it basically just server mix, or is there something else that can help with that? Thank you.
","Let me get started, and Lisa can add. But, you know, Stacy, as we talked about product transitions, the 46% guide in Q1, we recently introduced the next-generation notebook products. And as product transitions go, you still have legacy product that you sell before you get, you know, converted over to the new technology and the new generation products. The desktop products were ahead of that from that standpoint, and that did benefit our margin in the 2019-timeframe.
And you are right, the console being negligible revenue in Q1 of 2020, it does benefit, and then the margin is 46%. And from an overall standpoint for the year, it is 45%, and that's because the semi-custom business, which is lower than corporate average, does come back. And as Lisa said earlier, we're expecting 80% of that in the back-half of the year. But by that time, also, the new-generation products and the other businesses, including data center and client reramping all on seven nanometer, and that should help the gross margin to offset some of the impact that we have on the semi-custom business.
",1,2,1,1,1,1,2,2,1,2,2,1
"Okay. And your inventories per store were actually down despite a really strong comp. I was wondering if you could talk about, we’ve seen inventories down significantly at a number of department stores. How would you characterize the buying environment or the availability of product and also the driver of your own inventory reductions per store with the strong comp?","Lindsay, I’ll separate that into two pieces. First of all, just the availability, I’ll let Barbara comment on that in a moment. But in terms of the inventory in our stores, that’s driven by our own plans. We tend to plan our inventories with some discipline, just to make sure that we can drive turns if the sales trend is strong. So, even though, yeah, obviously, our sales trend was very strong in Q3, we kept our inventories in line as we go into Q4. I’ll let Barbara comment in terms of the availability of merchandise.",2,2,2,2,2,1,1,1,1,2,2,1
"Final question just, Ken, you make a really important statement in the press release where you say and you said it in your prepared script, but you acknowledge the U.S. market conditions are more challenging than expected. You said the quarter came out EPS-wise where you expected and you maintain guidance. So there's just -- it’s like you to connect the dots for me, if everything is more difficult, but yet EPS comes out as expected. In a way I feel like I am getting a little bit of both here, I am getting that, your plans coming out as advertised, but then you're making the statement that no, no, no watch out, the environment is tougher. I feel like we should be worried about the guidance, but I'd like you to comment on what this comment means and how confident you are in the full year numbers?","Well, I mean, it means that we're staying with our guidance because that's the way the business looks to us right now as we look forward, but we do acknowledge that the environment is more challenging, so there is some risk around that profile. But we do think because of the factors that we talked about earlier in the call, which is that we -- the trade which was a primary issue this quarter, the trade will normalize, some of the bigger volume drags will strengthen, coupled again with the positive momentum that we have in a number of areas of the business. Those factors all combined and then again on the -- with well controlled on the cost side, we are guiding to our full year guidance for the year and that we will recover there as we go through the next three quarters. I think the wildcard is the category and we don't know whether they’re going to be a headwind, a tailwind, or a neutral. I think that’s the unknown right now. We’re encouraged somewhat by what we’re seeing over the last several weeks. They seem to be strengthening, but whether that’s going to be a headwind or a tailwind remains to be seen. But in any event, our job is to execute around innovation and core brand renovation and make sure we’ve got strong consumer programs drive the business that way and that's our plan, we like the plans that we have and that’s why we feel confident right now about maintaining guidance.",2,2,2,2,1,2,2,2,0,2,2,2
"Okay. And then, not to give you a hard time, but I noticed -- did you mention weather as a potential adverse event in the early part of the first quarter? Did I hear that clearly?","Yes. Yeah, that's correct.",2,2,2,2,2,2,2,1,1,1,2,1
"Maybe to begin with Brian, just a little bit more comments around as you look into ‘16 and your comments around some of the pressures in the U.S. market for transfusions. I mean is anything out there that gives you confidence that that's -- when you will see the turnaround? How do you get around the calculus of getting into ‘16 and some of these pressures you have been seeing overall as it relates to transfusions in the U.S., sort of abating in that timeframe? And then a couple of follow-ups.","What gives me confidence there, Anthony, is that we’ve moved to protocols that are consistent with protocols practiced around transfusion triggers elsewhere around the globe. And that's what's driving these changes dramatic as it’s driving down into the low 30s per 1000 of population. So what gives me confidence, here the math works from 40, 10% decline last year, 10% decline this year, down into the low 30s, the math works. Do I expect that there’d be potentially some bouncing around in fiscal ’16? Yes, I do. We’ve contemplated that in the initial outlook that we've given to you. But I think we'll see more stabilization than not. Blood centers and hospitals are going to continue to remain focused on blood, it is still a very expensive and significant portion of their healthcare -- of their supply budget. But importantly it's also a cost driver, how they bring care to patients. We know clinically that the more halogenated blood you give a patient the higher the infection rates, the higher the length of stay. And so the question becomes, how the blood centers become more relevant in helping their blood center customers, not just buy a bag of blood for less price. So in other words, focusing on the cost of collection, but how do they help customers focus on the cost of transfusion, that’s $1100 of that versus a $200 of that and that involves collection, that involves the logistics of blood between the blood center and the hospitals and the logistics internally within the hospitals. And then it involves the practice of blood and there is significant opportunity there and that's what blood centers have begun to engage us in, really focused around how to take that cost out and that's where the opportunity lies, that’s the definition of blood management, that’s why we continue to stay very focused.",2,2,1,2,2,2,2,2,1,2,2,0
" Okay. You mentioned that you, you have some additional plans for capital investments for capacity and distribution as – can you offer any additional commentary there?"," Well, it’s just investment in our ERP systems and our other information systems so that we can better control inventory. Basically keep less inventory and you had to service customers better, and that’s where we’re investing. Again, it’s something we haven’t had a lot of time to think about up here at the top of management and now we do.",2,2,2,2,2,2,2,1,1,2,2,2
"And then a question for Mike. Of the $80 million you've identified in OpEx and cost reductions, where are you today? And how much of the G&A reduction that we saw in the third quarter, I think, it was down more than $20 million year-over-year -- how much of that was from efforts that are already underway on the process improvement?","The decrease to last year was more due to things that are already been in place plus some non-recurring things from last year. Of the $80 million, we're not -- as I mentioned in the script, I really don't want to get into a year-over-year update, but we're making a lot of strong progress. I feel as good as I could feel sitting here looking at 2011 and looking at us making considerable traction towards delivering that $80 million in three years. Our teams are working hard, we've got a lot of buy-in from the organization, and we've got a lot of great process workshops going that my folks are running. And I really feel that as if this thing is getting a lot of traction. I do want to give specifics, but I feel like we're well on our way to delivering that $80 million given where we are today.",2,1,2,2,1,2,2,2,1,1,2,2
"Right. And then you said just a refund of your money. And then Auburn, we’re still on track for the September clause there, and then I just wanted to also ask about Ascend timing, is there anything different that we should be thinking about there?","No. As you suggest we – our intent is to close Auburn in the third quarter, late in the third quarter, and our intent, which is a little less precise and specific as it involves FTC approvals is that we will close or be able to close Ascend sometime during the fourth quarter.",2,2,2,2,2,2,2,0,1,0,2,1
"No that's great. Just my follow-up. As we think about 2020, are there any network changes you want to -- you need to call out just so that we're aware of? Or is it clear?","It's pretty clear. I mean, I think there's been – obviouslym there's been the conversation high over the weekend, which we were aware of a few weeks ago. Disappointed that CareSource have taken this decision but recognize that's their decision to take. But we are -- have got other games to make that up in other networks. So we think it's pretty balanced over the year and we're very confident in our ability to grow the market in 2020.",2,1,1,2,2,2,2,2,1,2,2,2
"Great. And perhaps one for Norm, could you sort of educate us on what the budget process was like coming into 2017, how it might have differed from prior years and to the extent that that process has given you better visibility or granularity into exactly where all the cost opportunities are once the ERP go-live is finished?","Yes, Brandon, this is John. I'll take that. Yes, we've been thinking about 2017 for, let's say, more than the last couple of months, I'll put it that way. We've organized the approach to look at improvements across the board, starting in our supply chain area, and we have very specific targeted projects that we've got in mind there. We've also taken a very detailed look at our OpEx spending and we've really tied that right down to location, head count, and the needs in which we see ourselves in. So, largely, as we think about 2017, for me and the organization, it's to get through this go-live in Europe, which we've got scheduled for early April, get that stabilized in three months' time, and then begin the process of shedding costs associated with that and moving onto the next smaller deployments going forward. So those for me are the really key aspects of it. And then, with respect to top line planning, accelerating growth is really part and parcel to getting our ship righted here. And we're pretty optimistic, I think as Christine alluded to, about the coming periods.",2,2,2,2,2,2,2,2,1,1,2,2
"Perfect. Next, can you give any comments on traffic, I guess, traffic price during the quarter?","I mean, to Christi’s point, the changes in restaurants at Kansas were very dramatic such as being able to open the entire month versus zero days this quarter. And if you remember our prepared remarks from last year, we did say that the 400 basis points improvement of high 8% comps that we had were specifically driven from this very strong and unusual performance of the patio business. So, that was a gift so to speak and we had given some of that back this year.",0,0,1,1,0,1,2,2,1,2,2,1
Is there any timing?,We’re actually working on it.,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,2,1
"Okay, super. And then following up in slightly more detail on the plain packaging situation in Australia. Is it fair to expect that the Senate does pass both bills in November? And then has PMI selected and started the formation of the arbitration tribunal at this point?","Well, the vote in the Senate hasn't taken place. We will see when it takes place. As the Health Minister herself has said, it might -- or that probably will lead to a delay in the implementation date. We are, of course, ramping up the legal cases that, as we said, we will vigorously pursue all the avenues, the bilateral investment treaty case but also other avenues, domestic and you name it. So we are, of course, in full swing to be ready for this situation.",1,1,2,1,1,1,2,2,1,2,2,1
"Great. Thank you. Good morning, and also wanted to share my best wishes to Lowell, good luck with your retirement. Good to hear the news about Houston.
You've talked about a $30 million-plus opportunity for the residential broadband. Can you just help us think about the pacing of that? How are you thinking about the initial timing of the rollout? How many markets we'll see in terms of POPs covered over the next 12, 24 months? And then on the mobility side, you're starting to talk about that a bit more. We've heard some of your competitors talk about how many markets they're launched this year. How rapidly you think you're going to roll that out? And is that all going to be microwave? Or you're going to use some lower bands for the mobility 5G? Thank you.
","Yes. Thank you, Simon. This is Hans. So when it comes to the fixed wireless access, as we've said in the beginning, we will have an initial commercial launch of four markets this year, that's going to be based on our sort of software that we developed in the beginning [Inaudible].
We are preparing the whole network with Intelligent Edge Network to be ready to launch 5G based on the NR standard that is coming out right now. And then there is again equipment manufacturers and OEMs are preparing right now. So we will be ready as soon as that has the material to be released to our customers. So that -- so that will come back when we go for the full 30 million households, which is our ambition that we have explained before.
So that's where we are on the fixed wireless access. On the mobility, we do the same. Remember, the intelligent Edge Network is a multi-use network. So it's same radio base station that is going to provide our fixed wireless access as mobility.
So we are, and as I said before -- I mean, we are now in deployment of fiber in more than 50 cities. So we are preparing everything to be ready for the maturity of the equipment and the softwares as well as having the CPE and handset market ready for launching those products. And right now that's the ambition we've seen in 2019. We have not named the cities, but as you can hear we are deploying in 50 markets with fiber.
So I think that's an important point of it. That's where we are and we will come back and give you updates all the time on the new things we are doing and today we're now launching the third city here in Houston. We are super excited over that. So we'll continue to come with the flow of information what we're doing on 5G.
",2,2,1,2,2,2,2,0,0,2,2,2
"So in another quarter you’re just reporting what is I mean, all those to be equal, essentially $400,000 of consumption you’re saying. When you say right now you’re within 200,000 [indiscernible] like, the quarter we’re in right now -- I mean that you’ve cut it by another 200,000?


","No, the quarter we've just reported down, had about $300,000 non-GAAP loss which is pretty close to our cash consumption.


",1,2,1,2,2,1,2,1,0,2,2,1
"So, the review is complete and presumably no actions that would interfere with buying back stock?","Well, at least for right now it is and I think when you say complete, obviously, it’s come to a conclusion that enables us to get back into the market, but our Board is always committed to looking for ways to enhance share holder value.",1,2,2,2,1,2,2,0,0,2,2,0
Can you just give us a little more color on the timeline for SOLX and the approval there and if there is any possibility of regaining some of the Red Cross business over the next three or four years?,"And part of what we’re going to be doing this year, Jim, is really proving out the economic value of SOLX as well. We will be going in and doing a value mapping – value stream mapping process to really understand the economics of how blood centers are processing blood today and what the impact of this product will mean for that. In terms of your question relative to the American Red Cross, virtually every contract in this space has the opportunity to opt out if new technology is brought and I certainly expect that their contract has that. I don't know the length of that contract but you can appreciate that as we bring new science to market, we will be bringing that to our existing customers first with an obligation to those who have committed themselves to these initiatives and then taking it beyond that. So what that means for the future will be determined upon how rapidly we can implement those solutions.",1,2,1,1,1,1,2,2,2,0,2,1
"Mike, you're alluding clearly to a weaker second quarter. Historically, at this point in time, you've said you really don't have too much visibility into the back half of the year, so I'm sort of curious if you think, at this point in time, that the 2Q weakness will persist into the second half or not. And I have a quick follow-up.","Wamsi, yes, it is a little bit early in the year, and if you go back to what we've said over the years to really have a good handle, in particular on our product revenue in the second half of the year. We do have a lot of tailwinds, as I said in my prepared remarks, around our services business and other parts of the business. But given what we're currently looking at in the second quarter, we thought it was appropriate that we take the guidance to the lower end of the range for the full year. So it is early in the year. Do we have upside from the guidance? Absolutely. But where we sit right now, we think it was the appropriate thing to do.",2,2,2,2,2,1,2,2,2,0,2,1
"Hello, thank you for taking my question. Congratulations, again, for the results and also for having the vision to grow your LNG portfolio back in 2018, '19, especially with the acquisition of U.S. LNG portfolio from Engie and Toshiba, at a time where those LNG contracts would have probably provided some losses. So I guess that was a countercyclical and wise strategy, in my view. But now I want to understand more your sensitivity to spot LNG prices. And I fully get that given the structure of your portfolio. You may have surely hedges in place. For 2022, if I understood well, during the presentation, you stated that a $10 per MBtu move equals to around $3 billion of additional cash flow, $2.2 billion for Upstream and $0.8 billion for LNG. And back in September, I reminded that you also highlighted that a $10 per MBtu move in both NBP and spot LNG, were adding $6 billion to your cash flow by 2025. Should I be right to understand the discrepancy of $3 billion between the 2 sensitivities because of the hedges you have? That is my first question.

And the second question is, should I also be right to assume that if you were to raise your medium-term assumption for both NBP and JKM, so spot LNG in Asia by $5 per MBtu. We could also add $3 billion of structural cash flow to your 2025 plan.","Technical questions. So first, yes, you are right on Toshiba just to tell you that today, we are cash positive after '21 without using the $800 million we received, it's a profitable business. So we have received $800 million and we are already making more money. So just thank you for reminding that to everybody. I would say then your point. There is a point, yes. We mentioned in September that when the difference between the JKM and Henry Hub is increasing by $1 per million BTU, then we have extra cash of, if I remember, $600 million. By the way, there is a lag effect there because, yes, it's linked to hedges all that. And so in fact, when you make the hedges the year where you make the hedges because it's a mark-to-market story, you are hedging the year after. So you have the results in the year and you have the cash flow in the year after, if I remember correctly. So you have a discrepancy between the results and the cash.

So in 2022, we'll get the results of the hedges which were implemented in 2021. But remember that the way we hedge is quarter after quarter. So we did a new in first quarter '21. But the last quarter, we should have waited for the long -- end of the year. Now we were not magicians. We would have done it. We would have waited but we don't -- do work like that. We hedge quarter after quarter. So in fact, what we embarked in the hedges which will be delivered in 2022, I would say, is only half a year compared to what you could imagine today, just to explain you that. And what we'll do this year, of course, we have today a spread between JKM and Henry Hub which must be around $15 or $20 per million Btu. This is the decisions that we will engage the hedges we will do in first quarter, for example. You will have some results but the cash will be in '23 which is good. That's good visibility.

So there is where it's not exactly to plan. So in a permanent regime, your assumption for 2025 is right. So $5 million BTU extra spread will give us in a permanent regime, $3 billion extra cash flow in 2025. It's more difficult to do from 1 year to another year because it depends, of course, it's a permanent regime but it means the $5 should be the same during -- the spread should be the same along the -- all the years along all the quarters as we, again, hedge quarter after quarter. I think I've been clear to you -- it took me a little time to understand. So I'm trying to translate all that in a -- and if not, you call Jean-Pierre and Stephane and they will explain you. But fundamentally, yes. The answer is, in '22, we'll receive more cash than '21 from these hedges because in '21, we see the 1 done in 2020, in '22, 2021. But '22 is not a full year, I would say, compared to what could be done '23. So is there something additional to come to us in terms of cash flow.",2,2,1,1,2,1,2,2,0,1,2,2
"Yes, thanks, good afternoon guys. Greg, I understand you're pleased with this new store sales performance but can you talk about the average investment in those eight locations?","No, I think you've covered it. I mean, we're seeing price increases in steal, asphalt, concrete, like everybody. In probably 2018 versus 2019 we're seeing total price increases in the range of 8% to 9%.",0,0,0,0,0,1,2,2,1,2,2,1
"And a questions from Mr. Carey, you know you talked about retooling your businesses for a digital world, and its seems like there is a, maybe it’s not a new business, but it tweak to the existing industry practice that’s makes a lot sense to me, I just love to get your reaction, your affiliate fees are all charged on a per household basis, which makes it expensive for peoples who live alone to watch Television relative to families. It also sort of exposes you to piracy as you go down this authentication model, where people could sort of share passwords with one another, why wouldn’t be industry sort of move to an affiliate fee per connected device and sort of make TV more affordable for singles and extract more money from families with five TVs and three iPads and also sort of limit the piracy risk from this authentication model that’s emerging?","Well, I guess two different questions. I mean, I think on a per device range, I think actually in some degree, I mean like DirecTV that you do have, we don’t as a channel provider, but you take DirecTV, I think that you have a per device, because you need a set top box, so they can charge, so they can change you 5 or 6 bucks for, and I think actually cable guys, now they are moving to digital unless to an analog you just plug it in. They can call it a box fee or something, but there is an incremental – there is an increment at the consumer level for whether you have one, two, three or four TVs hooked up.",1,1,1,1,1,1,2,2,1,2,2,1
"All right. Maybe just one more here. In the Workforce Solutions division, obviously, the labor market is very tight. How does the Company make sure it can supply the necessary workforce or really the required engineers there?","Yes, it's a great question. Our workforce solution value-added is, we have a robust and very proprietary database of highly skilled workers that are available for on-demand work. And we -- they are as much our customers as our end-user utility customers are. So we work really hard to build up great relationships with these professionals over the long term. There -- we reach out to them when projects become available, and they have the option to work when they want to and need to. So, it's really a win-win, but it's that proprietary database and contacts with highly skilled workers that really differentiates us in the marketplace.",2,2,2,2,2,2,2,2,1,2,2,1
"I just had a couple of questions. One is, I was reading an article recently about -- I think it might have been Devon, but I don't recall exactly who it was, one of the larger producers, that they have gone through experimentation to a process of drilling the laterals from drilling long 3,000-, 4,000-foot laterals to drilling much shorter laterals kind of on a radial basis around the core borehole. And in some cases, have been able to get flows of upwards of 6,000 barrels a day. For how long, I don't know, but is that technology something that we're looking at?","Well, we're following it, Curt. I don't think it's applicable in the shales that we're working in. I'm not aware of it anywhere in the Eagle Ford or the Bakken. I think they're experimenting with that in some of the West Texas shales. So certainly, it's something -- we're always looking at what the industry's doing. It's not always easy to get that information. Some of the bigger companies keep it pretty confidential. But I think we're on top of what's going on in the Eagle Ford and the Bakken, and that's what counts for us.",2,2,1,1,2,1,2,2,1,1,2,1
"Got it. So kind of a combination of mix shift to large deals and then lengthening sales cycles as pricing intensifies at least in North America with these larger enterprises. As a follow-up and thinking about next year, your guidance implies product growth of 20%, 25% here for Q4. Is that the right way to think about kind of the growth rate into next year 20%, 25%? The reason why I ask that your largest competitor EMC is potentially going private next year. They’re going to be in a position to get even more aggressive on price next year, so it just seems like the structural change around pricing could be a permanent thing at least as we think about next year. And so how are you thinking about the appropriate product growth trends that given this pricing environment we should think about for next year?","Yes. So, I'll say one thing Brent. First, we don't give guidance that’s that long-term in nature. But I want to point out there are two factors that impacted us. The first factor is that in the large enterprise segment and in the large deal segment competitive pressure has been a factor that slowed us down. Perhaps the greater impact is that in going after those larger deals and in going after those larger enterprises, we shifted investments from our commercial segment where that is the second action that we are taking to avoid that shift in investments by reinvesting in our commercial segment is what we're doing. So, as you think about our corrective actions besides sort of strengthening our competitive position in the large enterprise segment by broadening our platform, investing in commercial over the next - first two quarters of next year is really what we are doing, which I think will translate into growth again. Beyond that, I don't want to get more detailed on specific growth numbers, Brent.",2,2,1,2,1,1,2,2,2,1,2,0
" So essentially, there's going to be no margin change from the datacenter sales, and I guess the same question in automotive as well."," Automotive ASPs for self-driving cars will be much higher than infotainment. It's a much tougher problem. Every car in the world has infotainment. With the exception of some pioneering work or early – the best, the most leading-edge cars today, almost no cars are self-driving. And so I think that the technology necessary for self-driving cars is much, much more complicated than lane keeping, or adaptive cruise control, or first-generation and second-generation ADAS. The problem is much, much more complicated.",0,2,1,1,1,1,2,2,0,2,2,1
And then just on Florida and California. I think California was the big turn. Could you just talk a little bit what you're seeing in California from the delivery side and also the retail side that suggests that sequential improvement relative to Q2?,"I'll take the retail piece and let Steve address BSD. I still think and if you look at California and Florida for the Retail business, it's roughly 25% of our fleet of stores. If you look at unemployment in California and Florida, it's still running about 24% or more, higher than the national average. I think the stores in California are well known. There's still a furlough that I think is in place in public government there. So I don't think California is out of the wood. That being said, for Retail in the third quarter, students and parents don't need to do back-to-school shopping. They still need the supplies to allow their students to go back-to-school equipped. And we did I think a good job, not only advertising the products that we had available for sale. We have attractive price points. And we were fortunate that when shoppers came in our stores, we were able to convert them to buyers. So we're pleased with the results in California. I think, we said they were slightly positive for the quarter. I don't know that, that's necessarily a telltale sign of what to expect in the future. I think, they've got a lot of headwind that they're going to have to navigate through.",2,2,1,2,1,1,2,2,2,1,2,2
"Just the bill pay outlook. Jeff, I know you and I talked about this before and I figured to ask it again, see if things have changed. Just wanted your thoughts on what lower debit interchange means for your bill pay outlook. Again, I think I could certainly argue it's positive and negative, but just wanted your thoughts on that.Yes, classic CheckFree bill pay, not the walk in or the other stuff, just bill pay and I guess on the tail of that, the e-bill as well. Just with the cost of taking debit being cheaper, could we see more Biller Direct? Or because you have more optionality now with debit, could you see it open up more billers to take it and it all being aggregated under the banks. I'm just trying to get a feel for how that shakes out because I'm still kind of confused by it.","No, I understand, and I think we're all working our way through the complexity of what will happen. At least from my standpoint, I'm still a firm believer in the aggregator model. And so whether debit creates another quasi form of payment, and especially if you can put a rewards umbrella around that and does that begin to help bill pay, I think you might begin to see some different economics. As different economic models emerge, I think you could see rewards end up centering around, not just transactions, but around bill pay and other kinds of services that aren't currently covered by that. So I think the Biller Direct is certainly going to be an option for people who like Biller Direct. But at the end of the day, I think the aggregator model wins. And I especially believe that mobile, as a way to allow people easier access kind of when they want that access, will actually accelerate trends towards aggregators. And as we talked about before, we do believe that bill payment follows bills, and the propagation of e-bill is getting that right. I actually think it begins to diminish the Biller Direct value proposition because you have the amounts and the other relevant information right at your fingertips. So kind of a long-winded way of saying we still believe in the aggregation model. We think Biller Direct is there to stay. We do a lot of that work, but we think that the aggregating model will win even in a period or a time of lower interchange. Depending on if that continues in that form, I guess, will also play a role in the ultimate decision. Well, thank you, everyone for joining. And if you have any further questions, please don't hesitate to follow up with our Investor Relations group. Have a good night.",2,2,1,1,2,1,2,2,1,1,2,2
Have you broken out how many of your customers are on limited plan? I apologize if I missed that.,"We have not. As we said previously, between unlimited and Verizon 2.0 plans where customers have the ability to control overage, that have been significantly above 50%, and certainly the number of customers on unlimited continues to grow, but we haven't broken out at this point, but it's becoming certainly a larger and larger percentage of the base.",1,1,1,2,1,1,2,1,1,2,2,2
And then can you remind me of the drag on Medicaid from the cuts that started last July and then the headwind or I think tailwind that you see for fiscal ’13?,"Yeah, so in July of ’11 we said that Medicaid rates on average were decreasing 3% to 4%. Our guidance for 2012 presume that in July of ’12 Medicaid rates would be flat to down 1% and given all the states that we have been able to get results from etcetera, and have their rates in place, we believe we are in that range.",2,2,2,2,2,1,2,2,1,2,2,2
"Thank you. On LAG-3, how are you thinking about the importance of biomarkers here? And what level of granularity should we expect around the data set of ASCO as it relates to LAG-3 positivity, etc.? And then, Giovanni, a different twist perhaps on the business question. When you took over a CEO, I imagine there was quite a sense of urgency to diversify the company. But with the steps you've already taken to do so, would it be fair to characterize your M&A strategy from here as more about enhancing existing franchises and less about diversification as a concept? Thanks.","Thank you, Greg. Let me start there, and then, I'll ask Samit to give you an answer on the biomarker strategy for LAG-3. I think you're absolutely right. I believe that one of the things that is a clear strength for the company today is the diversification of our business.
When you look at our oncology business, solid tumors and hematology, what's happening in immunology, which is clearly the fastest-growing segment of our business right now and the long-term sustainable leadership position that we have in cardiovascular medicine, I think that we have an incredibly well-diversified set of businesses with strong dynamics for all four of them. So I think that's an important foundation that we've built for the company. And at this point, I see that as an opportunity because we have capabilities that we can leverage. We clearly have deep expertise, whether that's from a scientific and development perspective or from a commercial perspective, growing in all of those areas.
And it gives us an opportunity to look at assets where we can acquire really promising technology, apply our expertise and maximize the value of those assets. So the priority for us now in business development is across all of those areas, to continue to strengthen our portfolio. And as I've mentioned several times, the objective that we have is to further strengthen the outlook in the second part of the decade. But our business is extremely well diversified at this point.
Samit?
",1,1,1,1,1,1,2,1,1,2,2,2
"Hey, guys. Thanks again. Lowell, congratulations again. And Hans, congratulations, this should be a lot of fun.
Hans, can you talk us through what's happening on the capex side to move toward the lower end of the guide. Are you doing less this year than you expected? Or just getting more for it? And where are you in the shift of spending and focus from macro towers to more fiber and small cell? Thanks.
","Thank you very much. I think this is a great question. Remember, when I came in, we decided together with Matt, Lowell, and the whole management to actually flip the whole network to the sort of the horizontal Intelligent Edge Network. And I also experienced there were two important factors where we did that: one, we wanted to leave a new type of services based on horizontal network, especially the ones coming from 5G, and we want to see some of them coming up very shortly.
The second was that we also can be so much more efficient with new technologies and multipurpose equipment. At the same time, we put in the new process for capital efficiency, that Matt and I are sharing. And I think that's what you're seeing right now. We're actually doing much more than before, when it comes to deployment than as we say, hey, we are already deploying 5G things at the moment, we are preparing all the network for it, so that's embedded in the numbers that you see.
At the same time, we also are making a big shift in the whole spending. I mean, if I look at what we spent in 2017 and the capital or capex and in 2018, it's very different. So we're also making a shift at all time. But this is nothing that we're limiting.
We are more efficient on using our capital. And my engineering team are very happy with the investment that we're doing at the moment. So I think that we are also -- as you said, we are moving over to much more small cells than making bigger towers and macro cells. And I would say, if you go back a couple of years ago, our -- majority of all our investment was on macro towers and today the majority is on densification with smaller cell.
So we have shift dramatically over the years, and I've only been part of it now for more than one year, but I've seen how the engineering team is responding to the new way of working and setting up the whole new network structure. So that's what you see in the figures.
",2,2,1,2,1,2,2,2,0,1,2,1
"I guess the point I was making is, the point upper respiratory, OB/GYN cases which sometimes can be lower revenue cases and then obviously your surgery and so forth suggest – maybe they not losing as many of the in-patient hiring cases. Is that – when you look at where the softness is on the in-patient volume, is that observed across the board or does it tend to be in those types of cases?","Well, I think that’s a valid observation and I think the way we would or I would sort of prove that if you will is by saying that our acuity has changed very little, and that our acuity has remained consistently high which sort of suggests that we continue to get the most tertiary and the most severe and acute cases and that the business that we’re losing tends to be the less intense business that is shifting to either to out-patient or just shifting to a non-admitted status.",2,2,2,2,2,2,2,2,1,0,2,1
And that – that has some pricing negotiation to it?,"Yes, it does.",2,1,2,2,2,2,2,1,1,1,2,1
"I’m curious relative to expectations, are these geographies generally in line? Weaker? Better?",I’d say Europe is weaker. Most of the rest are in line in terms of units. And then size is ahead of our expectations.,2,2,2,2,2,2,2,1,1,1,2,1
"Okay. If you do go back as it sounds like you will, both purchasing stock, how are you planning to fund that with further commercial paper borrowing or--?","Gary, and also, we do generate a lot of cash from operations and we will certainly use some of that and the second quarter tends to be a pretty good cash generator for us, so that will help us also. But it’s certainly our responsibility to look out for more permanent financing opportunities if they present themselves and I am sure Mike and I will be doing that.",2,2,2,2,2,2,2,2,1,1,1,2
"So I wanted to talk about the SG&A. Just first off, wanted to – in terms of the fourth quarter, so your SG&A fell about 2% I think, revenue up 22%. Could you explain to me how that’s really possible with such strong revenue growth? Essentially I’m just trying to make sure that we’re not eliminating certain costs that will sort of hinder future growth.","Yes, this is Jim. Again, as I mentioned in my notes, we set out a number of initiatives at the beginning of last year, one of them was what I called profit leaks just taking a close look at doing the basics, looking at our SG&A expenses. And there was quite a few findings at the corporate level. For example, naturally when we solved the remediated material weakness, our audit fees came down and cost associated with that. That’s just an example. We’ve taken a close look at our legal spend. So basically it’s taking a hard look at, as I said, every fixed and variable cost. Now to address your question, are we hurting the business? No, I don’t believe that. We’re increasing our productivity, as Paul said. We’re taking a hard look at making sure that how we invest our money in SG&A. And also as I mentioned earlier, we’ve invested some monies not only just in people but also in the technology side of things. So in my opinion all roads in SG&A lead to people and technology.",2,2,2,2,2,2,2,2,1,2,2,1
"Yes, thanks guys. First I had a question on value. Curious how the Brewhouse Specials mixed versus what you've seen in prior periods and is there any sense that the customer is either gravitating toward or away from value in your menu at this point?","I guess I would also add, Happy Hour, or Happy Hour daypart is doing very well, as well as the combos or Tri Tip has been doing well which are both value priced.",2,2,2,2,2,2,2,0,1,1,2,2
"Thank you very much. Jayshree, I was hoping you could give us some insight into the way enterprise executives are thinking about conditions, what they're thinking about in terms of? How they're approaching spending? You made a comment that I think is probably accurate, which is you're more concerned about COVID in the back half.And I assume that’s not supply chain related. It's more demand related. I would assume that you've done a lot of calls with top executives at firms. What are they saying to you about the business in process, the programs that are already in place are getting completed.But maybe the pipeline is falling off as you exit the second quarter and that there expectations for spending in the back half may be hard to put it any other way, sharply constrained?","Right. So Alex, that's a good question. I think our enterprise decision-makers and key executives are struggling within once in 100-year phenomena, just the way we are, right? They all do have 2020 plans and deadlines. And they would very much like to work with Arista and overcome the supply constraints to meet them. And I believe they will.I believe they'll also take -- many of them will also take not just a 2020 horizon, but a multiyear horizon. And start thinking about how to plan for projects in this virtual world. So we do see some systematic prudent planning. And while we don't have visibility to that demand, we don't think demand will be challenged significantly if they plan prudently.Where we think demand will be challenged, like I said before, is new projects. People are familiar with Arista, people who have to do a lot more testing with Arista, people who love Arista, but haven't had a chance yet to get their hands on it.So that part of enterprise customers – may be more comfortable with doing nothing or being as is. But certainly, the 6,000-plus customers we engage with really, really want to work with us, and we'll continue to plan their projects this year or next year",2,2,2,2,2,2,2,2,1,1,2,2
"Okay, and then -- I mean, but just based on the fact you just re-upped your share repurchase program, there's no reason to think that you wouldn't buy back stock in Q4. I mean, is there?","Well, no, we're committed to the buyback program. Re-upping the authorization is, obviously, a symbol of that. However, as we go into a quarter given what the price might do and there's been some volatility in it this year, it's tough for us to predict exactly what we might buy in terms of share count. So our practice has been, over the course of the past 3 years, just to base it on what we know has been completed.",2,1,1,2,2,2,2,2,0,2,2,1
So that you expected to run $30 million for the first year or $30 million plus that?,"$30 million for our first fiscal. And that obviously doesn’t, that’s cost (Inaudible) so obviously we do certainly have revenue.",2,2,1,2,1,1,2,0,1,2,1,1
"Thanks, good morning. Turning to the acquisition you just made, DI-NA-CAL, could you describe what acquisition moves if any you will be making? I mean this is just a U.S.-based business and you have a lot of facilities in the United States. And I think you mentioned in the press release a lot of business around Cincinnati where you are based. So what does the integration consist of?","We are pleased that DI-NA-CAL really only have two locations; here in Cincinnati and one in Greensboro, North Carolina. So we will review those locations and how we integrate those into our existing business, but unlike Europe where we inherited 12 locations, we have got that down to seven, we don’t have anything like the operational heavy lifting with DI-NA-CAL that we did with York. So the integration is more around teams and who is going to be doing what going forward and who is going to be looking after which customers and obviously looking at our cost in general and our supply chain, but we don’t see expensive heavy lifting as we have in the York case, but it will take us some months to work through getting the benefits that we see there.",2,2,2,2,2,2,1,2,1,1,2,1
"Thanks. Good morning, Steve and Tim. So, there has been some mixed views on how much the earning sensitivity may be for drug distributors related to brand inflation. So, I guess just with your change in your view from what was 10% to 12% previously to 7% and 9%, is there maybe just any way to give a little more color on how much of a role that plays within your shift in the EPS growth from – Looks like about 4% to 6%, to 0% to 4% for fiscal 2017? Without getting too granular, just wondering is that a big part or a small part? Just any more color would be helpful. Thanks."," I'll let Tim comment, but I just would say, most of the growth has come from the specialty drugs, most of the unit growth, but they tend to be very expensive products, of course, not that many units. And then, there has been a relatively high rate, at least in 2015 of brand price appreciation, which was in the mid-teens. But, we saw it ramp down very significantly and current trends would indicate even a further step down. We do think that an overall industry growth rate is very helpful to growing our top line and our bottom line. But we're confident we can grow in this 6% to 9% range that we expect. We said 7% to 9%, but I'm just saying within 1% or 2%. If it comes a lot below that, we think that that will create some challenges that we will address, but we don't think that that's possible in the next 12 months. Tim, would you agree to that, anything to add?",2,2,1,2,1,1,2,0,0,0,0,0
"Hi. Thanks. On COVID-19 collection kits, can you just talk about what you're hearing from customers in terms of near and long-term demand for their tests? I think, given your fourth quarter guidance, it would suggest that demand is pretty strong, at least in the near term. But I would just be interested in any other color there.","Jacob, I would say that, we are approaching a point where we will sell everything we can make and the capacity increases that we forecasted back in August will serve us well. And so, we are seeing a rather insatiable demand for our products for molecular testing that we believe will continue, certainly, through 2021 and probably well into 2022. It began certainly in North America and in the U.S., but we're looking outside the U.S. as well right now. So these are great discussions to have, because I think people have really gravitated to the fact that you need saliva and self-collection saliva as a key part of testing.",2,2,2,2,2,2,2,1,0,1,2,0
"In the magazine/catalog, book catalog, book carrier, could you isolate? Were they all up? Were 2 out of 3 up, 1 out of 3 up?","And then just staying on books for a second, we had 14 of the top 20 bestsellers in 2012 in our platform. As Dan mentioned, you know and everyone else knows the states are still struggling from a financial standpoint. A couple of states are turning their deficit around to have a small surplus. We think that they will put some money back into curriculum as it relates -- it's not going to be electronic devices at this stage, as far as I believe. Over the next couple of years, at some point, it will, but I don't think -- I think K-12 will still be physical. And then what we've done on the supply chain for books was warehousing. We're having more and more conversations with publishers as far as how we can make their distribution network better, their -- take out costs for them. So I think the platform that we have, again, bodes well for physical distribution and content. I'd like to thank everybody for joining today's call. Appreciate your time and look forward to talking to you in about 90 days. Thank you.",0,0,1,0,0,1,2,2,1,1,2,1
" Yeah. I appreciate that. I mean, that's what I am really struggling with here, because if I am looking on the face of it, it looks like the business is in a really good shape. I mean, your orders are looking good, your backlog is looking good, the price you have gotten overall in the quarter and the Q is looking pretty good. And I am looking at your guidance, and you are essentially saying that you are going to have material headwinds that hamper your profitability in the front half of 2018. This is not just you, this is happening broadly in machinery. I am trying to understand, what is the extent to which material costs are hurting you, and what can you pass-through with costs?","But I would say, as far as material cost of concern, Mick, that starting position with the divisions is always to cover material cost replacing, and that's what we have -- [indiscernible] plans for 2018.
",2,2,2,2,2,1,1,1,1,1,1,1
"Great and maybe for Glenn or Kevin, whoever wants to take it, I know you guys don't guide quarterly, but one of the concerns we've heard from investors over the quarter is that we're still in an environment without normal seasonality and concerns around maybe excessive weakness in third quarter from people coming out of lockdowns, vacations with doctors et cetera. So I was wondering how you're thinking about the progression from second to third and third to fourth quarter and if we're already back to normal seasonality or when we might be able to expect that? Thanks.","Yes, thanks for the question. Robbie, as you know, Q3 tends to be seasonally our softest quarter, but I would assume that this year's seasonality will be very similar to what you've seen in prior years, and the talk about vacation, I've heard some of those comments. I really think that's noise, and then really that could delay maybe a procedure from one month to another month, but likely within the same quarter. So I expect normal seasonality, as you've seen in prior years.",2,2,2,2,2,2,2,1,1,2,2,0
"Okay. That helps. And then the EU Tobacco Products Directive, which will be implemented in May, just curious to hear from you some of the key issues and concerns? And then what are you doing to mitigate those? And then also the costs associated with complying, were those above your expectations, Jacek?","Well, big part of this cost we have incurred in the Q3, very much Q4 actually of last year. I mean, perchance you remember we've had these – we make these decisions actually to preempt debt spending and some of these preparations calls – when it calls, to the product retooling machines, et cetera. It's a number of a cost buckets, which we'll have to cover, we decided already to take in 2015 – in the 2015. I think we were prepared. You know, each of the biggest challenges that obviously this directive does not hit due to the transition periods, which were put by the different member states, the transition periods are different in the different member states. So logistically it is quite an exercise. They might be, it doesn't have to happen, but it might be that there will be some distortions on a shipment level. I don't think it's going to obviously impact the consumption or retail uptake, but there might be some difference on a shipment level in the quarters going forward. But it's difficult, frankly speaking, to predict. There are a number of formats which will have to be replaced, one format has to cease its existence at retail level, has to be replaced by the same cigarette but in a different pack format, et cetera. So it's more of the logistic supply chain type of a stretch at this stage rather than anything else. I don't think structurally it's going to change our outlook in terms of our performance, both on the top and bottom line for the EU region.",2,2,1,1,1,1,2,0,2,2,2,2
Also on the margin question and to make sure I understand it. How much was the actual product damages versus just the additional cost related to shipping product out to Korea and Japan. Were there pallets that needed to get resent and more one-time damages that were…," There were a number of issues that we faced. Products – sometimes the specs are very tight for Japan and they really are much tighter than the U.S. project were perfectly capable in the U.S. We were being inspected and we are being rejected for minor things, the blemishes and scratches and there’s a whole host of things and dense – they have some pressure issues on cap rates and defective cap issues. So were a whole lot of issues there and again just continued to face us in shipping these large distances. And it’s something that is just difficult to ship full Cans under pressure from the U.S. to Japan. We believe that we will be able to get this more under control as we continue to regain more experience in shipping and understanding Japanese requirements. But it got to a point where literally every case had to be disassembled, examined Can-by-Can and then repacked and that’s where the costs became very high, and as a result our margins were very little but we were there, we were pregnant, we were launching and we needed to continue and the result is we’ve been able to establish our brand very strong, very solidly in the Japanese market but it certainly has been very costly for us, for all these different regions, but as we go forward we hope that we will avoid the damages, we hope we will avoid having to continue these very costly labor and meddling inspections to satisfy our Japanese customers and then retailers in Japan for our quality standards which are just very exerting because compared to the standards normally acceptable in the U.S.",2,2,2,2,2,0,2,2,2,1,2,2
"Okay. And then on Triton, I mean it's been struggling for the last couple of years now. I mean why... I mean, I am sure you are now aware of that, but why this quarter? Why do you pull the trigger this quarter?",I think we have a viable buyer currently in place that allow us to move the process forward. And we're taking advantage of that opportunity and this just happens to be the time that it was all in place.,2,2,2,1,2,2,2,1,1,1,2,1
"In your business mix, should we continue to model services at north of 40% of your revenues going forward?","Well, I think in that range, I don’t know if that much north of 40%, I think in the 40% range. I don’t see it going to 45% or 50% but whether it’s 39% or 41% or 42%, in those ranges.",1,2,2,1,1,1,2,2,1,1,1,1
" Okay. The second one, just curious that in the first quarter when you got the (32"," Yeah, Paul, this is Tim. I mean, both are effectively in the R&M segment currently. Let's talk about each of them individually. The refining logistics asset is really going to be structured as a sort of a fee-for-capacity arrangement within refining. So that's going to be sort of a charge that will flow back to for Refining. So that's a straight charge out of the R&M segment that will show up in MPLX once the drops complete. For the fuels distribution, similarly this is a service contract, a giant service contract that will exist between the parties and elements of it will be in margin, elements will be below the line (33",1,2,1,1,1,1,2,1,1,2,2,1
"Hi, good afternoon. Thanks for taking my question. First, I wanted to ask about some of the strategic review as you analyze some of the different business units and some of the assets that you may be able to sell, like some of the real estate. I guess, is there any ability to quantify for us the kinds of bids or interest level that may be out there and any more ability to talk about timing with which you might be able to address some of this?","Hi, this is Mary. Thanks for the question, Brad. I would say, at this point no, we’re not in a position to put specific numbers to you know the businesses and all that. I will say, we are very actively engaged in the process, and we’ve had a number of inbound interests on some of our portfolio companies, and so we’re taking a look at those, we are evaluating that, we’re going through the normal process that you would go through to do that, and so when we have something to report that actually turns into you know a potential transaction, we’ll certainly come forward with that. But at this point, not knowing you know how many things may go forward and all of that, it’s hard for us to put any number on it.And in terms of the other assets, the real estate, I think we talked about that from a square footage standpoint. You know it’s a combination of retail and non-retail real estate. So we’re looking at some inbounds there as well, and so we’ll have a sense of that, I would say in the next quarter or two as we move through that process.",2,1,2,2,2,1,2,0,0,1,2,2
"Here is the question. What needs to happen in the business for you guys to drive that 4% to 6% target growth? Do you need to change the vertical mix, geographic mix? Why has the growth been so patchy?","Well, I believe the growth is passing this business. Just it does kind of move in fits and stats. It is somewhat of the nature of it. It's a B2B business. We are not dealing with thousands of customers. We are dealing with hundreds. And when you work to get your centers up and running to 85%, 90% you are pretty dependent on what's happening with that portfolio of clients. So it's suddenly, it's got a downturn. I mean, it does have fits and stats. So even with our capacity utilization, Bill, we would love when we are talking about going to get to 85%, but the perfect scenario is that every country that you are operating is at 85. That is what we try to do but it typically isn't the way it happens. It is usually a little more lumpy, like you might get to 90% in one part, you may be sitting at 65% like we were in the U.S. So that's the characteristic of the business. I think you guys, years ago. U.S. had been lumpy. it continues to the lumpy.",1,1,1,1,1,1,2,2,1,2,2,2
" Right. And then, Anil, can you give us an update on your thoughts on both timing and relative impact of 5G on spend to you guys?"," I think we see a very small impact of 5G, but there is an indirect impact on our 4G solution because of the software strategy. So, as people are looking for 5G solutions, they will traditionally look for incumbents who can satisfy their needs both from a budget and a value perspective. So, moving to a software model, the dynamic I just described, allows us to be the number one player in the 5G area, but it's not going to really impact – have any meaningful impact on the revenue in the coming years.",2,2,2,2,1,1,2,2,1,1,2,1
" Sorry. If there was an MPLX acquisition opportunity and it was large enough that equity were to be involved, would MPC be willing to waive the IDRs that could be associated with that transaction, not saying that one is out there, but just opportunistically."," Okay. I'm sorry, I just didn't hear it properly. That will be a case-by-case basis and we'll review that when the case comes. A very important point that – I'm glad you asked that question – that we really need to emphasize here. Where we set an MPLX and I use the word carnage in the midstream, we do not believe that – and in fact our numbers will illustrate that we are in a completely different position. We have outstanding coverage and we have outstanding growth targets and opportunities in front of us. So, we are in a very good shape and a strong balance sheet investment grade. So, we are in very good shape. We continue to have strong coverage and to have very strong growth as we go into the future. So if there are some opportunities, certainly we're going to take a look at those and see what fits best for our system and fits best for the growth of our unitholders and to continue to build that inventory that certainly supports the coverage in the MLPs.",1,1,1,1,1,1,2,0,1,2,2,2
"Okay. And you think that you can maintain those levels going forward?
","Those are strong. Those remain strong from that standpoint. And as you know, it's going to depend on what it takes to service the fixed price contracts that we're under.
",2,1,1,2,1,2,2,1,1,1,2,0
So most of the cash that went out the door is one-time as well?,That’s fair.,1,0,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,2,1
Hi guys. First look I just want to confirm that I heard how much price you took on the new menu?,"Yes, 3%.",2,2,1,2,2,1,2,2,1,1,2,1
"As we look out modeling the segment for next year, are you guys thinking about margins improving a bit? I know you’re closing some stores and obviously you continue to benefit from the synergies. How should we think about margins for the segment in ’15?",Maybe some slight improvement but overall the margins will be relatively consistent but a little bit upside across the company on margins.,2,2,2,2,2,2,1,1,1,0,2,1
" Thank you for taking my question and congratulations on good growth and the execution. Jen-Hsun, the first question is tied to PC gaming; very strong trends. I was curious if you could quantify how much of your base has upgraded to Pascal, and have you noticed any change in the behavior of gamers in this upgrade cycle, whether it's the price or what part of the stack they are buying now, and how quickly they're refreshing versus what you might have seen in the Kepler and the Maxwell cycles."," Sure. Thanks a lot, Vivek. Let's say, on PC gaming there's a few dynamics. Our installed base represents somewhere around 80 million active GeForce users around the world. And in fact, only about a third has even upgraded to Maxwell, and we only started shipping Pascal half of this last quarter. And so that gives you a sense of how much – and Pascal is unquestionably the biggest leap we've ever made generationally in GPUs ever. It is not only high-performance; it's also energy-efficient, and it includes some really exciting new graphics technologies for VR and others. And so I think Pascal is going to be enormously successful for us. And it comes at a time when the PC gaming marketplace is also quite different than the PC gaming market five years ago. One dynamic that's really quite powerful is that the production quality, the production content is much, much higher in video games today than ever. And the reason for that, I'd mentioned several times in previous calls, is that the installed base of capable game platforms that are architecturally compatible, meaning that PlayStation 4 and Xbox One and PCs are essentially architecturally compatible. And so the footprint for developers has grown tremendously over previous generations. I mean, this is a dynamic that's relatively new. And so as a result, the quality of games go up, which means that the consumption of GPU capability goes up with it. And I think we're absolutely seeing that dynamic. I'm super excited about the fact that the next-generation game console, the big boost, the 2x boost is coming just around the corner. That's going to allow game content providers, game developers to aim even higher. And I think that that's going to support long-term expansion of our gross margins and ASPs of PC gaming. I would say that there's some other dynamics that are quite powerful as well, as you know very well, which is, eSports is no longer just an interest, eSports is a full-force global phenomenon and very, very powerful in Asia, in just about every developing country, and of course the Western world as well. And I think that on top of that, not only is VR off to a great start, we're seeing some right content now, but some of the things that we introduced recently with Pascal, tapping into this grassroots, but rather global interest in using videogame as an art medium, we introduced project NVIDIA Ansel which is the world's first in-game photography system. It allows you to create virtual reality photographs, and it's just really, really amazing. And so you could use your videogame, capture your amazing moments, share it in VR, or in high-res with all your friends. So there's a lot of different ways to enjoy games now, and the production value just continues to go up, which is great for our platforms. And so I think just to summarize your initial question, how much of the installed base has upgraded to Pascal; very, very small of course because we just started production ramp, but even then only a third has upgraded to Maxwell, And so there's it's a pretty large, pretty significant upgrade opportunity ahead of us.",2,2,1,2,2,2,2,2,2,2,2,2
"Okay. And then on your visibility, what are you seeing heading back into the back half of the year, what’s giving you confidence in being GAAP profitable by [two quarter]?","Well it's really all about getting the revenue line back up to higher point and as it relates to moving into this quarter, we started the quarter with a little more backlog as some of the orders we did get last quarter were for shipments in this quarter and so we entered this quarter with more backlog than we had last quarter. And we have seen the early part of the quarter order rate to be little stronger than what we have seen in the past and so, we are starting to see the orders come in to support an expectation of some higher order rate. And then on top of that as I mentioned we do have a couple of new products that will begin shipping here in the second half and so opportunities for that which are in general additive to the opportunities that we are working on now should enable us to grow the revenue sufficiently to get up above the breakeven point.",2,2,2,2,2,2,2,1,1,1,2,0
"Yes, thanks. Two follow-ups. First of all, as you look at the DIRECTV MoCA deployment, will that have similar lag as Verizon, meaning whatever net adds they will have, they will have like a quarter later impact on your business?","Well, right now, we are building product in advance of their launch, and they are launching in some percentage of the US They typically, with other product launches they have done, they're going some percentage of the US and then go nationwide a quarter after that. So, I think you'll see a continued ramp in that business over the next couple of quarters just based on that build-out. Then they typically move into a really seasonal strong area as they get into the fall and kind of through that time all the way through the Superbowl. So I think that that business is going to continue to be a good ramp business for us throughout 2010 and even into early 2011. The thing that could drive growth even further than that is a bigger conversion away from standard def towards high def. Because we're high-def platforms, so as we see more and more consumers move their pay-TV service from standard def to high-def with DIRECTV as well as with everybody else in the industry, I think that's going to favor Entropic MoCA solutions.",2,2,1,2,1,2,2,2,1,0,2,2
"When you talk about the acquisition environment out there, I know you said that there is nothing to announce right now but I've always kind of viewed that to get to that 4% EBITDA margin you'll likely have to make an acquisition in the distribution space. Are there more conversations going on or is it still very similar to how it was last year that people are looking at from the other distribution companies that are bought whether it be the performance food groups or US Food Services and just looking for too much money at this point?","I would say that I don't know that there has been a 180-degree turn. What I would say from conversations is that I think that there is a much more of a realization of the difficulty in the credit markets these days. And that you've got a lot of people that have recently made large deals so they are sitting on the sidelines and you have got others, private equity that is not able to perhaps be as active as they have been in the past.

So what I am seeing is, is that if you are a Nash Finch and you have got a strong balance sheet and strong access to capital and a solid performing business, you are probably a pretty rarity right now and you are probably a good dance partner. So I am not having as many people -- last year all I heard about was the US Food Service deal. I couldn't get past hello without hearing about the US Food Service deal and I am not having that happen. I think business people by in large are pretty astute and they see the markets and they see what's going on out there and they realize that if they need an exit strategy or they desire an exit strategy, there's not as many people out there today as there perhaps was a year ago and that's causing discussions to be a bit more reasonable.

Having said that, I want to emphasize that we don't have anything that is underway or imminent or anything that we are even close to pursuing, but we continue as we have mentioned in the past to discuss opportunities with a variety of parties that we think would make sense for both of us.",1,2,2,2,1,1,2,1,1,1,2,1
"Great. And then on the pricing environment you are seeing, we had kind of a tailwind in chemical price inflation in the first quarter. And some of your end markets, you are probably still seeing some increase; I think caustic soda is still on the rise. But then maybe some other areas with more petrochemical chains, some of those have started to roll over, where do you see pricing in the second quarter developing for you guys?","I mean on that, your guess is probably as good as ours if you are into this space. We roll with -- we take the punches and roll with them. We try to stay ahead of them and make sure that whichever way they go, it's positive for us. We like them going up more than we like them going down. But we manage through both. And like I said earlier what we like are dynamics rather than steady state. So we're not -- we don't worry about that. We just adapt to it. And we adapt very quickly. And I think I can tell you that we are far more nimble today than we were about a year ago. With that, I think we are ready to close out. I want to thank you all for joining us today and also remind you that we do have Investor Day on the 15th of May in New York. Hope we get a chance to see you there. We are going to talk a little bit more about long term and talk about some of the important goals that we have to drive value creation. Thank you very much.",0,0,1,1,0,1,2,2,0,2,2,2
"Okay, great. Thanks for taking my question.",Go back and follow up. We can follow up.,1,0,1,1,1,1,2,0,1,1,2,1
"Got it. And then so as a follow-up to that, Rob, you mentioned in your prepared comments, it was, I think -- correct me if I'm wrong. You said in the fourth quarter, you should see that used margin snap back to the more -- the normal levels. So does that then suggest you're going to -- you're changing the prices, which you take trade-ins or you work through the inventory? Or basically, how should we think about the puts and takes of that?","And holiday traffic, Brian, plays a role in this, and we anticipate to have a fairly healthy traffic given the next -- the new consoles and so forth.",0,0,0,0,0,1,2,2,0,2,2,2
"I think maybe two from me. So first on the SERD. Can you just talk about, when you think about registration timelines in the US and the EU, I think we focused a little bit less on the EU. How this strategy will accelerate your timeline in the EU and how quickly if you can use the study, you might be able to get registered in the EU as well?","Yeah. I think that's an important part of our strategy is to, we see elacestrant as having important global value and so this comparator study, we believe, could be sufficient to support registration, both in the US and EU. So we believe that's actually one of the potential values for the study. Of course comparing to hormonal comparator as well, I think we’ll provide some very compelling information to understand the potential benefits of elacestrant.",2,2,2,2,2,2,2,1,1,1,2,2
"So, Peter, just to be clear, that would decline, right? Yeah. Go ahead.
","Yeah. In that type of environment, the cash flow would not be impacted as much as you might think because you do have the offset of working capital less taxes. And if things look like they're slowing down, we may delay some of the CapEx too. And so it's a bit of a silver lining in the business we're in. We do, as business is growing, use up a lot of cash and working capital and investing in things like that. But as things slow, we're able to release some of those items. So the net change in cash flow can be fairly minimal.",2,2,2,2,2,2,2,2,0,2,2,1
"Okay. And as you kind of analyze your trends so far this quarter and you're able to look back to last year, is there any reason to believe that your trend will improve throughout the quarter? Is there any reason to believe that the California market will begin to perform more in line with the rest of the system or should we all be assuming flat trends for the quarter is the base case to think about?","Brian, I don't know if we have an exact answer for you. I mean, when we look at our numbers we were somewhat surprised because there's actually fairly -- fairly -- it was a fairly quick change in the sales trends, meaning, we finished P6, let's just call it the mid-2's and every week in P6 was pretty solid. We thought the first week, and I do still believe the first week is a little bit of a July 4th flip from that standpoint, but as we started looking at some of our numbers, we did notice last year that we had the Miramar fires down in the San Diego area and that impacted a lot of our San Diego restaurants. We had a Madera fire, we had a Yucaipa fire out in -- Empire [ph] hitting some of our restaurants. So, I think as -- as we get through that, that should be cause for an -- an improvement in our California restaurants but, as we say, and we always say this kind of on the calls, we kind of give you the information that we have to-date and I know that sounds like sometimes not enough but even as we were looking at our business in June, we weren't expecting all of the sudden it to change from what we saw, literally the last week of June, to what we've seen the first couple of weeks of July.So, you know, I'm planning that it's going to improve and I think we've got good initiatives and things we like in our business from that standpoint. We feel very comfortable at least three weeks in how the rest of our portfolio is doing. We're -- we like the strength that we continue to see in those markets. As we said, that would be up in the mid-2% range, that's including in Texas, Florida, Ohio, etc. It's just California has come out of the gate a little bit softer here and as we went through and tried to analyze it and isolate it down, those are the things that we've seen a little bit softer in the Bay area. We're going over against some high comp sales of a year ago related to some fires and then as we've mentioned on the call, maybe while still growing in healthy double digits, not having quite as strong a tailwind maybe as third-party delivery was a year ago but still a tailwind for us.",2,2,1,1,1,2,2,2,0,0,2,1
"The first question I had, and just going back to great numbers on the manufacturing product side and in terms of the adoption of panelization and things like that, I've always felt like the sticking point there wasn't the homebuilders but actually the framing subs. Can you talk about what types of discussions you're having with them and are some of them finally giving in to panelization and other type of projects because they just can't get the labor anymore?
","Yeah. I think that's accurate. We are seeing more and more interest and more and more discussions with builders who historically have not used it, deciding now is the time to start trying it.",2,2,2,2,2,2,2,2,1,1,2,2
"Great. Thank you. Devinder, you had talked about consumer graphics as being below corporate gross margin. I guess, I was thinking that -- I know you've historically had a high cost structure because of high bandwidth memory, but as the product portfolio increasingly doesn't use high bandwidth memory, is there the prospect to improve that for consumer GPU to be closer to where your competitor's gross margins are?
","And I think, Joe, maybe just to answer your question in terms of what we expect in consumer graphics. I think -- look, we're investing in consumer graphics. We think gaming is a very important segment, whether we're talking about consoles or discrete graphics. And the work that we're doing around the RDNA architecture and the future generations of our DNA architecture, we believe, will continue to improve our offerings for both consumer graphics, as well as data center graphics.",1,1,1,1,1,1,2,2,0,1,2,2
"Michele, I like to follow up on the Reese's Snack Cake. You mentioned that it's small right now, but Hershey went down this path about 15 years ago, and it didn't really translate into anything material. So I'm curious what the data tells you in terms of changes to the landscape now. Does this maybe mark a new phase over the snack section evolution and I guess where do you think it slots in? I mean does it compete against the Twinkie, the cookies? Just where is the target market? Any big picture of thoughts would be appreciated.","Yeah, absolutely. So I think we've approached this in a very thoughtful and measured way, which was not a mass launch, where we just threw it out there and try to make it as big as we possibly could at one point in time. But we did a very targeted in-market launch for an extended period of time, so that we could really learn about the proposition.
We spent a lot of time in terms of developing the product to make sure that we really understood some of the drivers of liking in the snack cake area and we also really thought about where and how we wanted to play and launch. So this, for example, is very C-store focused.
It is a single serve type of item, so we're keeping it as a focused launch. It is definitely bringing the great chocolate and peanut butter taste profile that we have on Reese's to the snack cake market. So yes, it is playing in that snack cake area versus other snack cake brands.
We know that we had participated in this category for many years through licensing and we learned through that that our brands could participate and extend to the category. We also know that morning snacking has been a growing trend and our confection item skew more to afternoon and evening.
So this is a chance for us to participate in some of that growth, because that is where these snack cakes get utilized. So again, we're going to have a very focused rollout and we'll put it in locations, where we think we can garner incremental space and where we think there is a strong consumer fit and starting at C-store and looking at other select areas and then if it continues to perform well, we will expand. But we will watch it closely and take a measured approach.",2,2,2,1,1,1,2,1,1,2,2,1
"Okay, great. And then Peter, we saw your comments on the tape earlier about use of cash, but I figured I would ask the question anyway. Any thoughts on the cash balance, obviously it was not up as much this quarter, but it sounds like given some of the uses of cash. But obviously going forward, there is substantial cash generation. So any thoughts there?","Well let me begin by saying for all the right reasons, we are making – we are working hard to try and be sure that your prediction of entry of cash does occur. But no, nothing new to announce to you today and we continue to be careful with how we’re investing cash and we’re very focused on principal preservations.",1,2,2,1,1,2,2,1,2,1,2,0
"And fiber to the home, you talked about strength in North America. Just wondering where you’re seeing that. Is it with the tier ones, or some of the small operators? Any [insight into that] would be helpful.",That strength was mostly Canada.,1,1,1,1,1,1,2,1,1,1,1,1
" And then just one question about the retail business, I know you had indicated that year-over-year excluding that $2.6 million charge, it would have improved and I could have a flaw in my model but I was under the impression that last year also had a one-time benefit that hit the -- took about it was like a $1.1 million of costs so that if you exclude both from both years it actually would be down, is that inventory markdown?","The map as you describe it, Karen, is absolutely right but from an operating perspective the flavor behind that I don't think is so correct because when you look at what we did a year ago, we took a $1.1 million cash charge because we were closing stores because something was wrong. The business wasn't performing. We were hurting. We had to get out of some operations.

To me, that's a whole different proposition from when you take a $2.6 million charge simply because you chose to change an estimate in your promotional markdowns. There was no pressure to do that. Nothing was wrong. Nothing's broken. So I think that the issue that we have is that we've put it on the same line and that I think causes people to want to compare those two. In reality, I don't really see them as comparable items because I was under no pressure to make the change in estimate that impacted the $2.6 million, but I can assure you that a year ago I was clearly under pressure to do something to stop the bleeding in some of these stores that were underperforming. I just see them as entirely two different things and not apples and apples.

But the math as you describe it is 100% right. There's nothing wrong with the map. My point is, is that if I had closed stores last year and I close stores this year, those are comparable apples and apples. I haven't closed any stores. Nothing is wrong with my business. I just simply chose to change an estimate in promotional markdowns in order to more effectively manage my business and I think that's hard to compare that to a year ago when we were closing stores because we had real problems out there.",1,2,2,2,1,1,2,2,1,2,2,1
"My first question has to do with the EEMA region and the favorable trade inventory shift that you saw in Saudi Arabia, and if you can offer some more color on that, please.","Well, Saudi Arabia is an important and very profitable market for us. A year or 2 years ago, we had some share problems there. We are doing well. We have implemented a price increase in the otherwise very, very profitable Saudi Arabia market. So that's really what it is.",1,1,1,2,1,2,2,1,0,2,2,1
"Yes, a couple of quick ones. It sounds like the sales team; the bus dev team are working pretty well in the virtual world. Do you see that changing as we come out backend of the pandemic is – are you going to get back into the T&E mode or do you think you’ve found a new way of developing the business without that expense? And I have a quick follow-up.","I think, I mean, certainly, our business development people, Paul, are looking to get out on the road, and looking to get out in front of customers. Let me to be candid, I’m looking to get out in front of customers more myself. So, I think you’re going to see travel go up, but I do also think that there’s a – I don’t think it’s going to go up quite to the same level than it had been in the past. I think people are feeling or understanding that there are things that can get done virtually, it can be effective virtually. Our branding and communications team just did an excellent job of creating a great virtual business development environment that I think is really unique, that’s helping us. But there’s still nothing like having a customer in your site to see it firsthand. So, I’m certain that there’ll be more movement once it becomes a better environment with the vaccine rollout and such, but maybe...",2,2,0,2,2,2,2,0,1,2,2,2
" Okay, that's actually very helpful. And I conclude from that, that the tools you are shipping are more newer version of your tools rather than the repeat buyers kind of thing for that 300-millimeter big orders."," Correct. New -- new in that customer. Not necessarily new everywhere, but new for that customer.",2,2,2,2,2,2,2,2,0,2,2,2
"The interest in the new consoles is very encouraging and the -- I guess, the discounts that we also have attached to it versus the last cycle launch may not have been warranted. I'm curious, as you look out 6 to 9 months from now, when you get through this initial gamer-centric demand, how do you feel about the visibility of the console demand at that point in time past the initial rush? Are you feeling better about that at this point? Or it's just hard to say?","Yes, I think to that point, we've actually modeled the PS4 and Xbox One. Yes, in our model, they were modeled less and less but pretty close. I think one of the reasons why the total number was down had more to do with the performance of the Wii. But everything we're seeing to this point is very, very positive. I think we made the point earlier what PowerUp Rewards does is allow us to go inside and see what consumers are doing. It would be -- obviously, it would be a mistake to take the number of PowerUp members and literally multiply it by the percentage. But when -- anytime you're seeing a base of 25 million, 26 million people and you're seeing a very, very high percentage, 2/3 have been indicating very positive purchase interest, what it says to us is that the demand is very strong, and it's going to take a long time for the supply to catch up with that demand. So I think everything we're seeing suggests very, very strong demand not only now but for a very long period of time. Keep in mind that 26 million people in the program, a lot of those people are not just core gamers, right? We have a very, very broad segment of the population in there. And then I think another point that Tony mentioned earlier is value. One of the things that we think is going to be a big deal is our ability to make the systems through our trade programs affordable for millions of people who couldn't otherwise afford them. So between the demand, the ability to provide value and hopefully, a strong lineup of new titles coming out next year, we think there's a number of things that can continue to make the console demand strong for the foreseeable future.",2,2,2,2,2,2,2,2,0,2,2,2
"And then just two other questions as well, can you comment on how many subscription customers you have currently and then also or at least ballpark and then also can you give us a little insight of what customers are saying about the Apple facial recognition and why you don't see that as a relatively short-term issue right now? Thanks.","Sure. So I’ll take the last question first again. The Apple, first of all, we're not hearing from customers. Keep in mind that we don't focus on the, so to speak, the device dedication, consumer device authentication market as you know Touch ID and facial recognition or face ID our focus, so we don't do that. That's number one. Number two, the input and feedback that we will get and certainly are getting from our enterprise customers is that they're not using facial recognition technology for authentication. That's a fact. So you're not going to see some of our typical and classic customers that are buying our finger scanners that are buying our software, change and put cameras or use existing cameras that they have on their PCs and laptops for facial recognition. First, keep in mind that the camera that's utilized in the facial ID or face ID deployed is a very special device. And so it's an infrared camera that has all other types of functionality to try to make it more accurate. You’re typical in-classic camera that comes on your laptop, your notebook or your tablet PC does not have that capability and so we're not going to see that deployed in enterprise at least in this generation. I mean, who knows what will happen five and ten years from now. I think it's hard to say. I think there will be other modes of biometrics that we're looking at right now. We believe that passive behavioral biometrics are going to be a really strong contender going forward, for not only mobile devices but also for tablets PCs, notebooks and so forth. So, there are other technologies that we see have, we think, greater viability long term. Very difficult to be in the movie theater and have to hold the phone up to your face to unlock it that if you want to be on the subway or be on 9th Avenue in New York City, take your $1000 device out and hold it in front of your face. All these things, do you want to be driving in your car and have to again position your face or look the other way to unlock the phone. So all these things are going to come up, they're all going to be discussed, they're all going to be reviewed. I think the technology is wonderful. It's convenient, but whether it will get pervasive use and whether Apple will decide to put the finger scanner back in the device over the next year will all be determined by them. Your first question was –",1,2,2,1,1,1,2,2,1,1,2,0
" I'm just trying to understand the thought behind the forecasting because in January, you were saying that foundry is going to be weak, but then 3D NAND is going to be very strong. And back then, you were saying that June quarter, you should be able to do around $750 million, $800 million of shipment. That has entirely changed. And now you're saying there's a big turn coming in December. So I'm just wondering what gives the confidence that these turns or these pauses don't change or is -- are you -- are we setting ourselves up for more disappointment down the road?","So when we think about calendar '14, I mean, we --- back in January, I think we were in a much more bullish view that we've moderated as we went into the April call, and I don't think that view has changed today. That we think the industry is probably plus 5% to plus 10% in that range. And so -- and when I -- and to Rick's point earlier, and just try to think about revenue performance relative to industry. This year, calendar '14, I think because of these pauses related to leading edge foundry, I think because of memory composition, I think we're setting up for this year to probably be somewhere around the market perform in calendar '14. I think as we look at calendar '15 and we -- to Rick's point earlier about our fiscal '15 given the dynamics expect about foundry and the progression of 16- and 14-nanometer ramp, we think that the company is positioned to see some of the relative outperformance that we saw in 2011, 2012 timeframe.
",2,2,2,2,2,1,2,2,1,2,2,1
Okay. So it's going to be an improvement from $37 million not from $42 million loss?,Correct.,2,1,1,2,2,2,2,0,1,1,2,1
"Got it. And just to go back to Eric's and it's -- we just go back to Eric's answer. So, the bit of softening in July, is that more pronounced on the traditional lodging side, there is the Vrbo side, or is it sort of evenly spread between the product sets?","I think we're seeing it largely across. Now, even expanded beyond the lodging across all of the product types. And whether that persists or not
",2,2,2,2,2,2,1,1,1,1,0,1
"Yes. Thank you. I was wondering if you could help us understand the nature of the demand change over the course of the quarter and into April, just so that we get a little better sense of how you were thinking about the second quarter developing? Is it going to end strongly? Or is it improving through the quarter, that type of thing?","Okay. So I think we have yet to experience the full impact of COVID-19, I think we'll see much more of that in the second half. So if I look at Q1, we experienced it at the tail end, mostly in terms of our supply chain. And if I look at Q2, we'll still be very supply chain constrained.So I think we understand Q1 and Q2 better, and both of them were -- Q1, as you know, is seasonally slow quarter for us. It really picks up theme in March, and we couldn't pick up enough theme, because we couldn't ship enough.And that theme is going to continue into Q2. So Q2 is all about shipments. We do see, as we said, good strength in the cloud titans, and we see reasonable demand in Q2, but I think our real worry is second half.",2,2,2,1,1,1,2,1,2,1,1,0
Is it fair to say some of the GPU data center announcements this year go beyond just the cloud gaming market?,"Yeah. I think you should expect that we will have, you know, additional, you know, sort of customer announcements outside of cloud gaming.",2,2,2,2,2,2,2,1,1,0,2,1
"Morning. Thanks for taking my questions as well. Just wanted to follow up on the guidance you issued. The ATV guidance in particular, does it only include products that you’ve already launched?","Well, I mean, obviously, we look for it the entire fiscal year 2013 and we would go ahead and consider things. I mean with the – you don’t want to go ahead and count on things that might come in, in March. But if we think we have a reasonable chance of launching new products some time during fiscal year 2013, we would include it in our numbers.",1,2,2,2,1,2,2,0,1,1,2,1
"Shifting gears a little bit, if we look at the performance in Q4, it's definitely better than, I think, myself and the industry were expecting there in terms of the revenue and profitability. As the quarter progressed, what were the areas that kind of stood out for you in terms of the outperformers versus where you thought they might be.","Yes, sure. Particularly, if we look at what performed better in Q4 to Q3, magazine/catalog retail was up in Q4, and in all these figures we're going to exclude any impact of M&A, FX or paper, and variable print offering, which includes our direct mail. And our short-run fulfillment and our statement printing was also up in Q4 after being down in Q3. So that was up about 20 basis points. Magazine/catalog retail, up about 110. You look at logistics, which was better in Q4 than Q3. Office products continued growth in Q4 of about 5%, which is consistent with what they did in Q3. Premedia showed about 3% growth. And then on the international side, we did see a very strong performance in China, up about 13%, which was off of a Q3 which was up about 1% or so, and Latin America, which is a bit of the timing influence, but was much stronger in Q4 as well. I think as it relates to the financial offering, the number of IPOs priced were flat in Q4 but certainly saw some progress coming towards the tail end of Q4 and also, obviously, into the first quarter of 2013.",2,2,1,2,2,2,2,2,1,2,2,1
"Okay. Fair enough. And finally, just a quick one. Your press release mentioned the FIN 48 and accretion of tax liability. Could you explain what’s driving that or what the issue is around it?","Sure. It’s actually with FIN 48 you are required to essentially analyze your tax reserves and has to be based on technical merits is to whether or not you can have something in your tax return that is separate from most on your financial statements. Based on that review, we essentially took our deferred tax liability, and if you look at the balance sheet, you essentially have that liability that was emplaced at May 31 and that has been broken down to the deferred tax asset and the accrued liabilities mainly in the long-term accrued liabilities, you will see that of the flip side portion of that come through essentially. And there was a $14 million additional reserve that we established through retained earnings, which is really based on the competition on technical merits of FIN 48. And so, I think when you go through that merit, you will see that that is essentially just a move from that deferred tax liability as of May 31 up until.",2,2,2,2,2,1,2,2,1,2,2,2
"I don't know if I just missed it, but can you give some color how you're thinking about 2013? I know there's not -- they're not fairly specific here but just from a CapEx perspective relative to cash flow relative to this year's budget and how you're thinking about balancing between the Fayetteville and the Marcellus and New Ventures.","We really haven't given much guidance on 2013. We're still working on that. And typically towards the end of the year, we normally put out a press release that talks about our 2013. So I'd expect something later this year or early next year on actual 2013. Obviously, we talked about in the past that we're increasing rig count in the Marcellus, and we'll exit the year with 4 rigs doing basically the horizontal work there. That will increase the capital budget on the Marcellus side, so I could see a weighting that's more Marcellus-oriented next year versus the dominant last few years where the Fayetteville has been 75% to 80% of the capital. You'll see that more balanced, may not be balanced, but more balanced. And then Midstream, in general, a lot of the work's been done on the Fayetteville Shale. And in the Marcellus, we've got another year in the same category we had now where it's $80 million, $90 million. So I'd say Midstream is flat or a little bit down is really towards the future. And then as I said before on the New Ventures, expect 10% to 12% of our capital budget to go to New Ventures.",2,2,1,1,1,1,2,2,1,0,2,1
"When you say make whole, you mean reimburse for costs expended or also for the profit opportunity now lost?",For the costs expended.,2,2,2,2,2,0,2,1,0,2,1,1
